g: (C) The seventh letter of the English alphabet, called gee and written in the Latin script.(0) The ordinal number seventh, derived from this letter of the English alphabet, called gee and written in the Latin script.(n) A unit of gravitational acceleration.; Alternative letter-case form of G (grand: thousand).
G: (C) The seventh letter of the English alphabet, called gee and written in the Latin script.(0) The ordinal number seventh, derived from this letter of the English alphabet, called gee and written in the Latin script.(n) Games (the statistic reporting the number of games that a player has participated in).; Green.; General (suitable for a general audience).; Goals (a sports statistic).; Ground floor (of a building).; A galaxy.; gravity; Grand (thousand dollars).; The academic grade that comes next below F.; A gangster, gangsta.; Abbreviation for Government Spending.; Alternative letter-case form of g (unit of gravitational acceleration).; GHB (gamma-hydroxybutyric acid)
gab: (n) Idle chatter.; The mouth or gob.; One of the open-forked ends of rods controlling reversing in early steam engines.(v) To jest; to tell lies in jest; exaggerate; lie.; To talk or chatter a lot, usually on trivial subjects.; To speak or tell falsely.
Gab: (N) A diminutive of the given name Gabriel.
gabble: (v) To talk fast, idly, foolishly, or without meaning.; To utter inarticulate sounds with rapidity.(n) Confused or unintelligible speech.
gabbro: (n) Originally, a kind of serpentine; now generally a coarsely crystalline, igneous rock consisting of lamellar pyroxene and labradorite.
gabby: (aj) Inclined to talk too much, especially about trivia.
Gabby: (N) A diminutive form of the male given name Gabriel.; A diminutive form of the female given names Gabrielle, Gabriella and Gabriela.
gabion: (n) A cylindrical basket or cage of wicker which was filled with earth or stones and used in fortifications and other engineering work (a precursor to the sandbag).; A woven wire mesh unit, sometimes rectangular, made from a continuous mesh panel and filled with stones sometimes coated with polyvinyl chloride.; A porous metal cylinder filled with stones and used in a variety of civil engineering contexts, especially in the construction of retaining walls, the reinforcing of steep slopes, or in the prevention of erosion in river banks.; A knickknack, objet d'art, curiosity, collectable.
gable: (n) The triangular area at the peak of an external wall adjacent to, and terminating, two sloped roof surfaces (pitches).(n) A cable.
Gable: (N) A surname.
gabled: (aj) Having one or more gables.
gables: (n) plural of gable
gablet: (n) A small gable, or gable-shaped canopy, formed over a tabernacle, niche, etc.
Gabon: (N) A country in Western Africa. Official name: Gabonese Republic
gaby: (n) A stupid, foolish person; a simpleton; a dunce.
Gaby: (N) A female given name from French.(N) A surname, from French.
gad: (i) An exclamatory interjection roughly equivalent to by God, goodness gracious, for goodness' sake.(v) To move from one location to another in an apparently random and frivolous manner.(n) One who roams about idly; a gadabout.(n) A greedy and/or stupid person.(n) A goad, a sharp-pointed rod for driving cattle, horses, etc, or one with a whip or thong on the end for the same purpose.; A rod or stick, such as a fishing rod or a measuring rod.; A pointed metal tool for breaking or chiselling rock.; A metal bar.; An indeterminate measure of metal produced by a furnace, sometimes equivalent to a bloom weighing around 100 pounds.; A spike on a gauntlet; a gadling.
Gad: (N) The seventh son of Jacob, by his wife's handmaid Zilpah.; One of the Israelite tribes mentioned in the Torah, descended from Gad.; A male given name from Hebrew.; A surname.
gadfly: (n) Any dipterous insect of the family Oestridae, commonly known as botflies.; A horsefly: any of various species of fly, of the family Tabanidae, noted for buzzing about animals and sucking their blood.; One who upsets the status quo by posing upsetting or novel questions, or attempts to stimulate innovation by proving an irritant.; One who merely irritates without making useful suggestions.; A bloodsucker; a person who takes without giving back.
gadget: (n) A thing whose name cannot be remembered; thingamajig, doohickey.; Any device or machine, especially one whose name cannot be recalled. Often either clever or complicated.; Any consumer electronics product.; A sequence of machine code instructions crafted as part of an exploit that attempts to divert execution to a memory location chosen by the attacker.; A technique for converting a part of one problem to an equivalent part of another problem. Used in constructing reductions.
gadid: (n) Any member of the family Gadidae of fish such as cod and pollack.
gadoid: (aj) Of or pertaining to cod or to the Gadidae family of related fish.(n) Any fish of the family Gadidae
Gaea: (N) A Greek goddess, the personification of the earth, and one of the primordial deities from whom all the others descend.; Alternative spelling of Gaia.
Gael: (n) A member of an ethnic group in Ireland, Scotland and the Isle of Man, whose language is one that is Gaelic.
Gaelic: (N) Goidelic; any Goidelic language.; Irish Gaelic.; Goidelic; any Goidelic language.; Manx Gaelic.; Goidelic; any Goidelic language.; Scottish Gaelic.(aj) Of or relating to the Gaels, the Goidel peoples of Scotland, Ireland, and the Manx, or their languages.(n) Short for Gaelic football.
gaff: (n) A tool consisting of a large metal hook with a handle or pole, especially the one used to pull large fish aboard a boat.; A minor error or faux pas, a gaffe.; A trick or con.; The upper spar used to control a gaff-rigged sail.; A garment worn to hide the genitals.(v) To use a gaff, especially to land a fish.; To cheat or hoax.; To doctor or modify for deceptive purposes.; To gamble.; To affix gaffer tape to, or cover with gaffer tape.(n) Rough or harsh treatment; criticism.; An outcry; nonsense.(n) A place of residence.; A disreputable, low-end theatre.(n) Clipping of gaffer tape.
Gaff: (N) A surname.
gaffe: (n) A foolish and embarrassing error, especially one made in public.
gaffer: (n) A chief lighting technician for a motion-picture or television production.; A glassblower.(n) An old man.; The leader of a group or team, such as a boss, foreman, coach.; A sailor.; The baby in the house.
Gaffer: (N) A surname.
gag: (n) A device to restrain speech, such as a rag in the mouth secured with tape or a rubber ball threaded onto a cord or strap.; An order or rule forbidding discussion of a case or subject.; Any suppression of freedom of speech.; A joke or other mischievous prank.; a device or trick used to create a practical effect; a gimmick; A convulsion of the upper digestive tract.; A mouthful that makes one retch or choke.; Mycteroperca microlepis, a species of grouper.(v) To experience the vomiting reflex.; To cause to heave with nausea.; To restrain someone's speech by blocking his or her mouth.; To pry or hold open by means of a gag.; To restrain someone's speech without using physical means.; To choke; to retch.; To deceive (someone); to con.
gaga: (aj) Mentally senile.; Crazy.; Infatuated.(n) Alternative form of ga-ga (“game resembling dodgeball”)
gage: (v) To give or deposit as a pledge or security; to pawn.; To wager, to bet.; To bind by pledge, or security; to engage.(n) Something, such as a glove or other pledge, thrown down as a challenge to combat (now usually figurative).; Something valuable deposited as a guarantee or pledge; security, ransom.(n) US alternative spelling of gauge (a measure, instrument for measuring, etc.)(v) Alternative spelling of gauge (to measure)(n) A subspecies of plum, Prunus domestica subsp. italica.(n) A quart pot.; A pint pot.; A drink.; A tobacco pipe.; A chamberpot.; A small quantity of anything.; Marijuana
Gage: (N) A surname, from occupations.; A male given name transferred from the surname, of modern usage.; A female given name.; A ghost town in New Mexico.; A town in Oklahoma.
gages: (n) plural of gage
Gages: (N) plural of Gage
gagged: (v) past participle of gag
gagger: (n) A piece of iron embedded in the sand of a mold to keep the sand in place.; An actor or performer who relies on gags (quips).; A hoaxer; a deceiver.; One who exhibits a gag reflex.
gaggle: (n) A group of geese when they are on the ground or on the water.; Any group or gathering of related things.(v) To make a noise like a goose; to cackle.
gagman: (n) A writer or performer of gags.
Gaia: (N) The ecosystem of the Earth regarded as a self-regulating superorganism.; Alternative form of Gaea (“Greek goddess personifying the Earth”).
gaiety: (n) The state of being happy or merry.; Merrymaking or festivity.
gaily: (av) Merrily.; Showily.
gain: (v) To acquire possession of.; To have or receive advantage or profit; to acquire gain; to grow rich; to advance in interest, health, or happiness; to make progress.; To come off winner or victor in; to be successful in; to obtain by competition.; To increase.; To be more likely to catch or overtake an individual.; To reach.; To draw into any interest or party; to win to one's side; to conciliate.; To put on weight.; To run fast.(n) The act of gaining; acquisition.; What is gained.; The factor by which a signal is multiplied.(p) Against.(aj) Straight, direct; near; short.; Suitable; convenient; ready.; Easy; tolerable; handy, dexterous.; Honest; respectable; moderate; cheap.(av) Straightly; quickly; by the nearest way or means.; Suitably; conveniently; dexterously; moderately.; Tolerably; fairly.(n) A square or bevelled notch cut out of a girder, binding joist, or other timber which supports a floor beam, so as to receive the end of the floor beam.
Gain: (N) A surname.
gained: (v) simple past tense and past participle of gain
gainer: (n) One who gains a profit or advantage.; One who puts on weight.; A diving or gymnastics maneuver, from a high diving board or platform, involving a simultaneous inversion and rotation.
Gainer: (N) A surname.
gainly: (av) Suitably; fitly; conveniently; readily.; Thoroughly; completely; (with adjectives) very.(aj) Proper; suitable; becoming.; Ready to help; kindly; gracious.; Graceful; tactful; Shapely; handsome.
gains: (n) plural of gain; Increase in muscle mass.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gain
Gains: (N) plural of Gain
gait: (n) Manner of walking or stepping; bearing or carriage while moving.; One of the different ways in which a horse can move, either naturally or as a result of training.(v) To teach a specific gait to a horse.(n) A sheaf of corn.; A charge for pasturage.
gaiter: (n) A covering of cloth or leather for the ankle and instep.; A covering cloth or leather for the whole leg from the knee to the instep, fitting down upon the shoe.; Part of the ecclesiastical garb of a bishop.(v) To dress with gaiters.(n) The dogwood, or a similar shrub.
Gaiter: (N) A surname.
gal: (n) A young woman.(n) A galileo (unit of acceleration).
Gal: (N) Alternative form of Gal.(S) The symbol for the cgs unit of acceleration, gal or galileo.
gala: (aj) Celebratory; festive.(n) Pomp, show, or festivity.; A competition; A showy and festive party.(n) A member of an androgynous class of priests of the Sumerian goddess Inanna.
Gala: (N) Galashiels, a town in Scotland.(n) A type of apple, a cross-pollination between Kidd's Orange Red and Golden Delicious.
galah: (n) A pink and grey species of cockatoo, Eolophus roseicapilla, native to Australia.; A fool, an idiot.
Galant: (N) Principally during the transition from the Baroque to the Classical period, a few decades either side of 1750, the use of more classically simplistic traits in comparison to the highly embellished and texturally complex precedent in the Baroque period.
Galants: (n) plural Galant
galaxy: (n) The Milky Way; the apparent band of concentrated stars which appears in the night sky over earth.; Any of the collections of many millions or billions of stars, galactic dust, black holes, etc. existing as independent and coherent systems, of which there are billions in the known universe.; An assemblage of things or people seen as luminous or brilliant.; Any print or pattern reminiscent of a galaxy, generally consisting of blending, semiopaque patches of vibrant color on a dark background.(v) To furnish with galaxies.; To gather together into a luminous whole.
Galaxy: (N) the Milky Way Galaxy, from before it was realized that the Milky Way was not the only "galaxy"
gale: (v) To sing; charm; enchant.; To cry; groan; croak.; To talk.; To call.; To sing; utter with musical modulations.(n) A very strong wind, more than a breeze, less than a storm; number 7 through to 9 winds on the 12-step Beaufort scale.; An outburst, especially of laughter.; A light breeze.(v) To sail, or sail fast.(n) A shrub, also called sweet gale or bog myrtle (Myrica gale), that grows on moors and fens.(n) A periodic payment, such as is made of a rent or annuity.
Gale: (N) A surname.
galea: (n) A Roman helmet.; An organ or a part of a plant that is shaped like a galea (helmet).; A mouthpart found in some species of chewing insect, which is shaped like a galea (helmet).; A kind of bandage for the head.; A headache extending all over the head.
Galea: (N) A surname.
Galen: (N) An ancient Greek physician.; A male given name from Ancient Greek, of mostly American usage.(N) A surname, from Dutch.
galena: (n) A mineral, lead sulphide (PbS), mined as an ore for lead.; A remedy or antidote for poison; theriac
Galena: (N) A place name for a number of United States towns and cities.; A small city in Yukon-Koyukuk Census Area, Alaska.; A place name for a number of United States towns and cities.; A city, the county seat of Jo Daviess County, Illinois. Named after the mineral galena.; A place name for a number of United States towns and cities.; A census-designated place in Floyd County, Indiana.; A place name for a number of United States towns and cities.; A city in Cherokee County, Kansas.; A place name for a number of United States towns and cities.; A town in Kent County, Maryland.; A place name for a number of United States towns and cities.; A small city, the county seat of Stone County, Missouri.; A place name for a number of United States towns and cities.; A ghost town in Lander County, Nevada.; A place name for a number of United States towns and cities.; A ghost town in Washoe County, Nevada.; A place name for a number of United States towns and cities.; A village in Delaware County, Ohio.; A place name for a number of United States towns and cities.; An unincorporated community in Grant County, Oregon, United States.; A place name for a number of United States towns and cities.; An unincorporated community in Lawrence County, South Dakota, United States.; A place name for a number of United States towns and cities.; A ghost town in Snohomish County, Washington.
gales: (n) plural of gale
galiot: (n) Alternative spelling of galliot
gall: (n) Bile, especially that of an animal; the greenish, profoundly bitter-tasting fluid found in bile ducts and gall bladders, structures associated with the liver.; The gall bladder.; Great misery or physical suffering, likened to the bitterest-tasting of substances.; A feeling of exasperation.; Impudence or brazenness; temerity, chutzpah.; A sore or open wound caused by chafing, which may become infected, as with a blister.; A sore on a horse caused by an ill-fitted or ill-adjusted saddle; a saddle sore.; A pit on a surface being cut caused by the friction between the two surfaces exceeding the bond of the material at a point.(v) To bother or trouble.; To harass, to harry, often with the intent to cause injury.; To chafe, to rub or subject to friction; to create a sore on the skin.; To exasperate.; To cause pitting on a surface being cut from the friction between the two surfaces exceeding the bond of the material at a point.; To scoff; to jeer.(n) A blister or tumor-like growth found on the surface of plants, caused by burrowing of insect larvae into the living tissues, especially that of the common oak gall wasp Cynips quercusfolii.; A bump-like imperfection resembling a gall.(v) To impregnate with a decoction of gallnuts in dyeing.
Gall: (N) A surname.
galled: (v) simple past tense and past participle of gall
galley: (n) A long, slender ship propelled primarily by oars, whether having masts and sails or not; usually referring to rowed warships used in the Mediterranean from the 16th century until the modern era.; A light, open boat used on the Thames by customhouse officers, press gangs, and also for pleasure.; One of the small boats carried by a man-of-war.; The cookroom or kitchen and cooking apparatus of a vessel or aircraft; sometimes on merchant vessels called the caboose.; An oblong oven or muffle with a battery of retorts; a gallery furnace.; An oblong tray of wood or brass, with upright sides, for holding type which has been set, or is to be made up, etc.; A proof sheet taken from type while on a galley; a galley proof.; A representation of a single masted ship propelled by oars, with three flags and a basket.
Galley: (N) A surname.
gallic: (aj) Of, pertaining to, or derived from galls.; Of or pertaining to gallic acid or its derivatives.; Relating to, or containing, gallium.
Gallic: (aj) Of or relating to Gaul or the Gauls.; Typical of France or the French; typically French.
gallon: (n) A unit of volume, equivalent to eight pints; exactly 4.54609 liters; an imperial gallon; 231 cubic inches or approximately 3.785 liters for liquids (a "U.S. liquid gallon"); one-eighth of a U.S. bushel or approximately 4.405 liters for dry goods (a "U.S. dry gallon").; A large quantity (of any liquid).
Gallon: (N) A surname.
gallop: (n) The fastest gait of a horse, a two-beat stride during which all four legs are off the ground simultaneously.; An abnormal rhythm of the heart, made up of three or four sounds, like a horse's gallop.(v) To run at a gallop.; To ride at a galloping pace.; To cause to gallop.; To make electrical or other utility lines sway and/or move up and down violently, usually due to a combination of high winds and ice accrual on the lines.; To run very fast.; To go rapidly or carelessly, as in making a hasty examination.; To progress rapidly through the body.
Gallop: (N) A surname.
galls: (n) plural of gall(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gall
Gallup: (N) A surname.; A city, the county seat of McKinley County, New Mexico, United States.
galoot: (n) A clumsy or uncouth person.
galop: (n) A lively French country dance of the nineteenth century, a forerunner of the polka, combining a glissade with a chassé on alternate feet, usually in a fast 2/4 time.; The music for a dance of this kind.(v) To dance the galop.
galopping: (v) plural of galop
galore: (aj) In abundance.(n) An abundance; plenty.
galosh: (n) An overshoe or boot worn in wet weather:; A waterproof overshoe used to provide protection from rain or snow.; An overshoe or boot worn in wet weather:; A waterproof rubber boot, intended to be worn in wet or muddy conditions.; A gaiter, or legging, covering the upper part of the shoe and part of the leg.(v) To walk while wearing, or as if wearing, galoshes; to splash about.
gals: (n) plural of gal
galt: (n) Alternative form of gault
Galt: (N) A surname.; A city in Sacramento County, California, United States.; An island of the west coast of Florida; A city in Iowa; A city in Missouri.
Galton: (N) A surname.
Galway: (N) A county in the West of the Republic of Ireland.; A city in County Galway, Ireland.; A toponymic surname, from Irish.
galyak: (n) A flat, glossy kind of fur obtained from a newborn or stillborn lamb or kid (goat).; An individual skin (fur) of this kind.
gam: (n) A person's leg, especially an attractive woman's leg.(n) Collective noun used to refer to a group of whales, or rarely also of porpoises; a pod.; A social gathering of whalers (whaling ships).(v) To pay a social visit on another ship at sea.; To engage in social intercourse anywhere.
gama: (n) Synonym of gama grass
Gama: (N) A surname.
gamas: (n) plural of gama
gamb: (n) The leg or shank of an animal, especially of a lion, on a coat of arms
gamba: (n) A rank of organ pipes, so called for a supposed resemblance of the sound to that of a viola da gamba.(n) The metacarpus or metatarsus of ruminants, etc.
Gamba: (N) A surname.
Gambia: (N) A river in West Africa.; A country in West Africa. Official name: Republic of The Gambia.
Gambias: (n) plural Gambia
gambit: (n) An opening in chess in which a minor piece or a pawn is sacrificed to gain an advantage.; Any ploy or stratagem.; A remark intended to open a conversation.(v) To sacrifice (a pawn or minor piece) to gain an advantage.
gamble: (n) A bet or wager.; A significant risk, undertaken with a potential gain.; A risky venture.(v) To take a risk, with the potential of a positive outcome.; To play risky games, especially casino games, for monetary gain.; To risk (something) for potential gain.; To interact with equipment at a casino
Gamble: (N) A surname, from Old Norse.
gambol: (v) To move about playfully; to frolic.; To do a forward roll.(n) An instance of running or skipping about playfully.; An instance of more general frisking or frolicking.
game: (n) A playful or competitive activity.; A playful activity that may be unstructured; an amusement or pastime.; A playful or competitive activity.; An activity described by a set of rules, especially for the purpose of entertainment, often competitive or having an explicit goal.; A playful or competitive activity.; A school subject during which sports are practised.; A playful or competitive activity.; A particular instance of playing a game.; A playful or competitive activity.; That which is gained, such as the stake in a game.; A playful or competitive activity.; The number of points necessary to win a game.; A playful or competitive activity.; In some games, a point awarded to the player whose cards add up to the largest sum.; A playful or competitive activity.; The equipment that enables such activity, particularly as packaged under a title.; A playful or competitive activity.; One's manner, style, or performance in playing a game.; A playful or competitive activity.; Ellipsis of video game.; Lovemaking, flirtation.; Prostitution. (Now chiefly in on the game.); A field of gainful activity, as an industry or profession.; Something that resembles a game with rules, despite not being designed.; An exercise simulating warfare, whether computerized or involving human participants.; Wild animals hunted for food.; The ability to seduce someone, usually by strategy.; Mastery; the ability to excel at something.; A questionable or unethical practice in pursuit of a goal.(aj) Willing to participate.; That shows a tendency to continue to fight against another animal, despite being wounded, often severely.; Persistent, especially in senses similar to the above.(v) To gamble.; To play card games, board games, or video games.; To exploit loopholes in a system or bureaucracy in a way which defeats or nullifies the spirit of the rules in effect, usually to obtain a result which otherwise would be unobtainable.; To perform premeditated seduction strategy.(aj) Injured, lame (of a limb).
gamely: (aj) Sportive; lively; joyful.; Of or pertaining to game.(av) In a game or plucky manner; in a willing and spirited fashion.
games: (n) plural of game(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of game
Games: (N) The Olympic Games.
gamete: (n) A reproductive cell (sperm in males or eggs in females), having only half of a complete set of chromosomes.
gamic: (aj) Formed as a result of syngamy (union of gametes), sexually produced, sexual.
gamin: (n) A homeless boy; a male street urchin; also (more generally), a cheeky, street-smart boy.
gamine: (n) A (usually female) street urchin; a homeless girl.; A mischievous, playful, elfish, pert girl or young woman.(aj) Having a boyish, mischievous charm; tomboyish.
gaming: (v) present participle of game(n) The playing of a game or games, including but not limited to video games and games of chance.; Ellipsis of videogaming; The playing of a game or games, including but not limited to video games and games of chance.; Synonym of gambling; Careful, strategic use of rules to achieve one's purposes, as one would use the rules of a game.
gamins: (n) plural of gamin
gamma: (n) The third letter of the Greek alphabet (Γ, γ), preceded by beta (Β, β) and followed by delta, (Δ, δ).; A gamma ray or gamma-ray photon.; The Gamma function, symbolized by Γ.; A constant approximately equal to 0.55721566, symbolized by γ (also known as the Euler–Mascheroni constant).; A non-SI unit of measure of magnetic flux density, equal to 1 nT.; Slope of log-log plot of video input and luminance output.; Flight path angle; the angle by which an aircraft's flight path deviates from the horizontal plane.; A second-order measure of derivative price sensitivity, expressed as the rate of change in delta with respect to changes in the underlying asset price.; Synonym of gamma correction
gammer: (n) An old woman.
gammon: (n) A cut of quick-cured pork leg.(v) To cure bacon by salting.(n) A victory in backgammon achieved when the opponent has not borne off a single stone.; Backgammon (the game itself).(v) To beat by a gammon (without the opponent bearing off a stone).(n) A rope fastening a bowsprit to the stem of a ship (usually called a gammoning).(v) To lash with ropes (on a ship).(n) Chatter, ridiculous nonsense.(v) To deceive; to lie plausibly to.(n) A middle-aged or older right-wing, reactionary white man, or such men collectively.
Gammon: (N) the Shelta or Cant language of the Irish Travelling Community.
gammy: (aj) Injured, or not functioning properly (with respect to legs).(n) Grandmother.(n) A blowjob; fellatio.
gamp: (n) An umbrella.
gamut: (n) A (normally) complete range.; All the notes in the musical scale.; All the colours that can be presented by a device such as a monitor or printer.
gamy: (aj) Alternative spelling of gamey
gan: (n) Mouth.(v) simple past tense of gin(v) To go.
Gan: (N) One of the major divisions of the Chinese language spoken in Jiangxi province
GaN: (n) Gallium nitride.
gander: (n) A male goose.; A fool, simpleton.; A glance, look.; A man living apart from his wife.(v) ramble, wander
Gander: (N) A surname.; A town in Newfoundland and Labrador
Gandhi: (N) A surname, from India used by Hindu, Jain, Parsi and Sikh people throughout India.; Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi, commonly known as Mahatma Gandhi, political and spiritual leader of India and the Indian independence movement, and proponent of nonviolence.(n) Someone living in accordance with the lifestyle or ethical principles of Mahatma Gandhi.
ganef: (n) A thief; a rascal or scoundrel.
Ganesa: (N) Alternative spelling of Ganesha
gang: (v) To go; walk; proceed.(n) A number going in company; a number of friends or persons associated for a particular purpose.; A group of laborers under one foreman; a squad.; A criminal group with a common cultural background and identifying features, often associated with a particular section of a city.; A group of criminals or alleged criminals who band together for mutual protection and profit.; A group of politicians united in furtherance of a political goal.; A chain gang.; A combination of similar tools or implements arranged so as, by acting together, to save time or labor; a set.; A set; all required for an outfit.; A number of switches or other electrical devices wired into one unit and covered by one faceplate.; A group of wires attached as a bundle.; A going, journey; a course, path, track.; An outhouse: an outbuilding used as a lavatory.(v) To attach similar items together to form a larger unit.(v) Pronunciation spelling of gan.(v) Synonym of gangbang: to have sex with a single partner as a gang.(n) Alternative form of gangue
ganger: (n) One who or that which walks or goes; a goer; a walker.; A horse that goes quickly.; One who oversees a gang of workmen.; One who is employed in conveying the coal through the gangways.; A length of chain, one end of which is fastened to an anchor when let go, when the other end is fastened to a hawser.
Ganger: (N) A surname.
Ganges: (N) A river in India and Bangladesh, sacred within Hinduism
gangs: (n) plural of gang(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gang
gangue: (n) The earthy waste substances occurring in metallic ore.
ganja: (n) marijuana, as used for smoking.
Ganja: (N) The second largest city of Azerbaijan; the birthplace of the great Persian poet Nezami.
ganjas: (n) plural of ganja
ganned: (v) plural of gan
gannet: (n) Any of three species of large seabird in the genus Morus, of the family Sulidae. They have black and white bodies and long pointed wings, and hunt for fish by plunge diving and pursuing their prey underwater.; A voracious eater; a glutton.(v) To wolf down, gobble or eat (something) voraciously.
ganning: (v) plural of gan
ganof: (n) Alternative form of ganef
ganoid: (aj) Having a smooth, shining surface, as if polished or enameled: specifically applied to those scales or plates of fishes which are generally of an angular form and composed of a bony or hard horny tissue overlaid with enamel.; Having ganoid scales or plates, as a fish; specifically, of or pertaining to the Ganoidei.(n) One of the Ganoidei, a disused taxonomic grouping of fishes, including the bowfin, gars, and sturgeons.
Gant: (N) A surname.
Ganted: (v) plural Gant
Ganting: (v) plural Gant
gantry: (n) A framework of steel bars resting on side supports to bridge over or around something.; A supporting framework for a barrel.; A gantry crane or gantry scaffold.; A cylindrical scanner assembly in the bore of which the response of bodies or tissues to some specific exposure can be detected for 3D imaging.
Gants: (v) plural Gant
gaol: (n) Dated spelling of jail.(v) Dated spelling of jail.
gaoler: (n) Alternative spelling of jailer
gaols: (n) plural of gaol(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gaol
gap: (n) An opening in anything made by breaking or parting.; An opening allowing passage or entrance.; An opening that implies a breach or defect.; A vacant space or time.; A hiatus, a pause in something which is otherwise continuous.; A vacancy, deficit, absence, or lack.; A mountain or hill pass.; A sheltered area of coast between two cliffs (mostly restricted to place names).; The regions between the outfielders.; The shortfall between the amount the medical insurer will pay to the service provider and the scheduled fee for the item.; (usually written as "the gap") The disparity between the indigenous and non-indigenous communities with regard to life expectancy, education, health, etc.; An unsequenced region in a sequence alignment.(v) To notch, as a sword or knife.; To make an opening in; to breach.; To check the size of a gap.; To leave suddenly.(n) Alternative form of gup (elected head of a gewog in Bhutan)
Gap: (N) A town, the capital of the Hautes-Alpes department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France.
gape: (v) To open the mouth wide, especially involuntarily, as in a yawn, anger, or surprise.; To stare in wonder.; To open wide; to display a gap.; To open the passage to the vomeronasal organ, analogous to the flehming in other animals.; To depict a dilated anal or vaginal cavity upon penetrative sexual activity.(n) An act of gaping; a yawn.; A large opening.; A disease in poultry caused by gapeworm in the windpipe, a symptom of which is frequent gaping.; The width of an opening.; The maximum opening of the mouth (of a bird, fish, etc.) when it is open.
gaped: (v) simple past tense and past participle of gape
gapes: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gape(n) plural of gape; A fit of yawning.; A disease of young poultry and other birds, caused by a parasitic nematode worm in the windpipe, and having uneasy gaping as a symptom.
gaping: (v) present participle of gape(aj) Wide open.(n) The act of one who gapes.; Something gaping; something agape.; A threat or courtship behavior in animals involving holding the mouth open and displaying the teeth or other interior features.
gaps: (n) plural of gap(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gap
gar: (n) A spear.(n) Any of several North American fish of the family Lepisosteidae that have long, narrow jaws.; A garfish, Belone belone.(v) To make, compel (someone to do something); to cause (something to be done).
garage: (n) A building (or section of a building) used to store a car or cars, tools and other miscellaneous items.; A place where cars are serviced and repaired.; A petrol filling station.; A shed for housing an airship or aeroplane or a launchable missile; a hangar.; A side way or space in a canal to enable vessels to pass each other; a siding.; A type of guitar rock music, personified by amateur bands playing in the basement or garage; garage rock.; A type of electronic dance music related to house music, with warped and time-stretched sounds; UK garage.(v) To store in a garage.
garb: (n) Fashion, style of dressing oneself up.; A type of dress or clothing.; A guise, external appearance.(v) To dress in garb.(n) A wheat sheaf.; A measure of arrows in the Middle Ages.
garbed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of garb
garble: (v) To pick out such parts (of a text) as may serve a purpose; to mutilate; to pervert; To make false by mutilation or addition; To sift or bolt, to separate the fine or valuable parts of from the coarse and useless parts, or from dross or dirt(n) Confused or unintelligible speech.; Refuse; rubbish.; mutilation; Impurities separated from spices, drugs, etc.; garblings.
garbo: (n) A rubbish collector.
garcon: (n) Alternative spelling of garçon
Garcon: (N) A surname, from French.
gard: (n) A garden.(n) Obsolete spelling of guard(v) Obsolete spelling of guard
Gard: (N) A department of Occitanie, France.
garda: (n) A member of the national police force of the Republic of Ireland, the Gardaí.
Garda: (N) The state police force of the Republic of Ireland.; an Irish policeman.; The police.
garden: (n) An outdoor area containing one or more types of plants, usually plants grown for food or ornamental purposes.; Such an ornamental place to which the public have access.; An outdoor area containing one or more types of plants, usually plants grown for food or ornamental purposes.; Taking place in, or used in, such a garden.; The grounds at the front or back of a house.; The twentieth Lenormand card.; A cluster; a bunch.; Pubic hair or the genitalia it masks.(v) to grow plants in a garden; to create or maintain a garden.; Of a batsman, to inspect and tap the pitch lightly with the bat so as to smooth out small rough patches and irregularities.(aj) Common, ordinary, domesticated.
Garden: (N) A surname.
gare: (n) coarse wool on the legs of sheep
gares: (n) plural of gare
garget: (n) The throat.
gargle: (v) to clean one's mouth by holding water or some other liquid in the back of the mouth and blowing air out from the lungs; to make a sound like the one made while gargling; to clean a specific part of the body by gargling (almost always throat or mouth); to use (a liquid) for purposes of cleaning one's mouth or throat by gargling.(n) a liquid used for gargling; the sound of gargling; lager, drink(n) Obsolete form of gargoyle.
garish: (aj) Overly ostentatious; so colourful as to be in bad taste.
garished: (v) plural of garish
garishes: (v) plural of garish
garishing: (v) plural of garish
garlic: (n) A plant, Allium sativum, related to the onion, having a pungent bulb much used in cooking.; A preparation from Allium sativum used as a food ingredient or the flavor or other characteristics of such an ingredient.(v) To flavour with garlic
garner: (n) A granary; a store of grain.; An accumulation, supply, store, or hoard of something.(v) To reap grain, gather it up, and store it in a granary.; To gather, amass, hoard, as if harvesting grain.; To earn; to get; to accumulate or acquire by some effort or due to some fact; To gather or become gathered; to accumulate or become accumulated; to become stored.
Garner: (N) A surname.; A city, the county seat of Hancock County, Iowa, United States.
garnet: (n) A hard transparent mineral that is often used as gemstones and abrasives.; A dark red color, like that of the gemstone.(aj) Of a dark red colour.(n) A tackle for hoisting cargo in or out.(v) To shred (twisted wool fiber, rags, etc.) so that it can be reused.
Garnet: (N) A census-designated place in Riverside County, California, United States.
garret: (n) An attic or semi-finished room just beneath the roof of a house.
gars: (n) plural of gar
Gars: (N) A commune of the Alpes-Maritimes department, France
garter: (n) A band worn around the leg to hold up a sock or stocking.; A bendlet.(v) to fasten with a garter
garth: (n) A grassy quadrangle surrounded by cloisters; A close; a yard; a croft; a garden.; A clearing in the woods; as such, part of many placenames in northern England; A group or a household dedicated to the pagan faith Heathenry.; A location or sacred space, in ritual and poetry in modern Heathenry.; A dam or weir for catching fish.
Garth: (N) A male given name from Welsh, shortened form of Gareth; A village in Maesteg community, Bridgend county borough, Wales (OS grid ref SS8690).; A village in Powys, Wales; A surname.
garvey: (n) A type of boat which was originally flat-bottomed, reminiscent of a sled, and historically sailed around New Jersey.
Garvey: (N) A surname.
Gary: (N) A patronymic surname, from Middle English.; A city in Lake County, Indiana, and other US places named for persons with the surname Gary.; A city in Deuel County, South Dakota.; A male given name transferred from the surname, popular from the 1940s to the 1970s.(n) shortened form of Gary Glitter.
gas: (n) Matter in an intermediate state between liquid and plasma that can be contained only if it is fully surrounded by a solid (or in a bubble of liquid, or held together by gravitational pull); it can condense into a liquid, or can (rarely) become a solid directly by deposition.

A lot of gas had escaped from the cylinder.; A flammable gaseous hydrocarbon or hydrocarbon mixture used as a fuel, e.g. for cooking, heating, electricity generation or as a fuel in internal combustion engines in vehicles, especially natural gas.; Matter in an intermediate state between liquid and plasma that can be contained only if it is fully surrounded by a solid (or in a bubble of liquid, or held together by gravitational pull); it can condense into a liquid, or can (rarely) become a solid directly by deposition.

A lot of gas had escaped from the cylinder.; Poison gas.; A chemical element or compound in such a state.; A hob on a gas cooker.; Methane or other waste gases trapped in one's belly as a result of the digestive process; flatus.; A humorous or entertaining event or person.; Frothy or boastful talk; chatter.; A fastball.; Arterial or venous blood gas.; Marijuana, typically of high quality.(v) To attack or kill with poison gas.; To talk in a boastful or vapid way; chatter.; To impose upon by talking boastfully.; To emit gas.; To impregnate with gas.; To singe, as in a gas flame, so as to remove loose fibers.(n) Gasoline; a derivative of petroleum used as fuel.; Ellipsis of gas pedal; An internal virtual currency used in Ethereum to pay for certain operations, such as blockchain transactions.(v) To give a vehicle more fuel in order to accelerate it.; To fill (a vehicle's fuel tank) with fuel.(aj) Comical, zany; fun, amusing.
Gas: (N) A commune in Eure-et-Loir, France.; A city in Kansas.
gasbag: (n) A bag or bladder to hold a reservoir of gas, as in a hot-air balloon.; A lighter-than-air aircraft; a balloon or dirigible.; A person who is overly garrulous or prone to making empty, unsupportable statements; a windbag.(v) To speak foolishly, pompously, or at length; to blather.
Gascon: (n) A native or inhabitant of Gascony, a region of southwest France.; A braggart; a bully.; A breed of cow from Gascony(aj) Of or relating to Gascony.; braggart; swaggering(N) The dialect of the Occitan language spoken in Gascony.
gases: (n) plural of gas(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gas
gash: (n) A deep cut.; A vulva.; A woman.; Rubbish, spare kit.; Rubbish on board an aircraft.; Unused film or sound during film editing.; Poor quality beer, usually watered down.(aj) Of poor quality; makeshift; improvised; temporary; substituted.(v) To make a deep, long cut; to slash.(aj) ghastly; hideous
Gash: (N) A surname.
gashed: (aj) Having gashes; slashed.(v) simple past tense and past participle of gash
gashes: (n) plural of gash(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gash
Gashes: (N) plural of Gash
gashest: (adj) plural of gash
gasify: (v) To convert into gas, or an aeriform fluid, as by the application of heat, or by chemical processes.
gasket: (n) A length of rope or canvas band used for reefing a sail, or holding a stowed sail in place.; Any mechanical seal that serves to fill the space between two objects, generally to prevent leakage between the two objects while under compression.; A material which may be clamped between faces and acts as a static seal. Gaskets may be cut, formed, or molded to the desired configuration.; Any of a wide variety of seals or packings used between matched machine parts or around pipe joints to prevent the escape of a gas or fluid.(v) To fit a gasket; To seal wth a gasket
gaskin: (n) Trousers, hose.; Part of the hind leg of a horse, between the stifle and the hock.; A gasket.
Gaskin: (N) A surname.
gaslit: (aj) Illuminated by burning gas.(v) simple past tense and past participle of gaslight
gasman: (n) A worker for a company that supplies gas (in the sense of the gaseous fuel), especially one who visits premises to read the meter, test appliances etc.; A man employed in the manufacture of gas.; The man who controls the lights of the stage.; A worthless person (male)
Gasman: (N) A surname.
gasp: (v) To draw in the breath suddenly, as if from a shock.; To breathe quickly or in a labored manner, as after exertion; to respire with heaving of the breast; to pant.; To speak in a breathless manner.; To pant with eagerness or excitement; to show vehement desire.(n) A short, sudden intake of breath.(i) The sound of a gasp.
gasped: (v) simple past tense and past participle of gasp
gasper: (n) Agent noun of gasp; a person or animal that gasps.; A cigarette.; One who is aroused by autoasphyxiation.; An adjustable air outlet over a passenger seat in aircraft.
Gasper: (N) A surname.
gasps: (n) plural of gasp(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gasp
gasser: (n) One who gasses, or poisons with gas.; Something highly entertaining or remarkable.; A kind of hot rod based on production models from the 1930s to mid-1960s, stripped of extraneous weight and jacked up using a truck beam axle to provide better weight distribution on acceleration.; More generally, any car or truck that runs on pump gas, as opposed to diesel fuel, racing fuel, or a car with an electric motor.(aj) comparative form of gas: more gas
Gasser: (N) A surname.
gassy: (aj) Having the nature of, or containing, gas.; Of a beverage: containing dissolved gas (usually carbon dioxide); fizzy.; Having the nature of, or containing, gas.; Of a person: tending to burp; burpy.; Having the nature of, or containing, gas.; Of a person: tending to release flatus; flatulent.; Of food or drink: tending to cause flatulence.; Tending to be long-winded or wordy, especially in a boastful and vain manner.
gat: (n) A Gatling gun.; Any type of gun, usually a pistol.(v) To shoot someone with a pistol or other handheld firearm.(n) A guitar(v) simple past tense of get(n) An opening between sandbanks; a strait.(n) A traditional Korean hat made of horsehair, once worn by married gentlemen.
gate: (n) A doorlike structure outside a house.; Doorway, opening, or passage in a fence or wall.; Movable barrier.; A logical pathway made up of switches which turn on or off. Examples are and, or, nand, etc.; The gap between a batsman's bat and pad.; The amount of money made by selling tickets to a concert or a sports event.; A line that separates particle type-clusters on two-dimensional dot plots.; Passageway (as in an air terminal) where passengers can embark or disembark.; The controlling terminal of a field effect transistor (FET).; In a lock tumbler, the opening for the stump of the bolt to pass through or into.; The channel or opening through which metal is poured into the mould; the ingate.; The waste piece of metal cast in the opening; a sprue or sullage piece. Also written geat and git.; A mechanism, in a film camera and projector, that holds each frame momentarily stationary behind the aperture.; A tally mark consisting of four vertical bars crossed by a diagonal, representing a count of five.(v) To keep something inside by means of a closed gate.; To punish, especially a child or teenager, by not allowing them to go out.; To open a closed ion channel.; To furnish with a gate.; To turn (an image intensifier) on and off selectively as needed, or to avoid damage. See autogating.(n) A way, path.; A journey.; A street; now used especially as a combining form to make the name of a street e.g. "Briggate" (a common street name in the north of England meaning "Bridge Street") or Kirkgate meaning "Church Street".; Manner; gait.
Gate: (N) A ghost town in Scott County, Arkansas, United States.; A tiny town in Beaver County, Oklahoma, United States.; An unincorporated community in Thurston County, Washington, United States.
GATE: (n) gifted and talented education
gates: (n) plural of gate(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gate
Gates: (N) A topographic surname.; A placename; A rural community in British Columbia, Canada.; A placename; An unincorporated community in Nebraska, United States.; A placename; A town in New York, United States.; A placename; An unincorporated community in North Carolina, United States.; A placename; A city in Oregon, United States.; A placename; A town in Tennessee, United States.; A placename; Ellipsis of Gates County
Gath: (N) A surname.
gather: (v) To collect; normally separate things.; Especially, to harvest food.; To collect; normally separate things.; To accumulate over time, to amass little by little.; To collect; normally separate things.; To congregate, or assemble.; To collect; normally separate things.; To grow gradually larger by accretion.; To bring parts of a whole closer.; To add pleats or folds to a piece of cloth, normally to reduce its width.; To bring parts of a whole closer.; To bring stitches closer together.; To bring parts of a whole closer.; To bring together, or nearer together, in masonry, as for example where the width of a fireplace is rapidly diminished to the width of the flue.; To bring parts of a whole closer.; To haul in; to take up.; To infer or conclude; to know from a different source.; To be filled with pus; To collect molten glass on the end of a tool.; To gain; to win.(n) A plait or fold in cloth, made by drawing a thread through it; a pucker.; The inclination forward of the axle journals to keep the wheels from working outward.; The soffit or under surface of the masonry required in gathering. See gather (transitive verb).; A blob of molten glass collected on the end of a blowpipe.; A gathering.
Gaths: (n) plural Gath
gauche: (aj) Awkward or lacking in social graces; bumbling.; Skewed, not plane.; Describing a torsion angle of 60°.
gaucho: (n) A cowboy of the South American pampas.; A proposed currency intended to be used by Argentina and Brazil to make interregional payments.
gaud: (n) A cheap showy trinket; trick; jest; sport; deceit; fraud; artifice(v) To bedeck gaudily; to decorate with gauds or showy trinkets or colours; to paint.(v) To sport or keep festival.
gaudy: (aj) very showy or ornamented, now especially when excessive, or in a tasteless or vulgar manner; fun; merry; festive(n) One of the large beads in the rosary at which the paternoster is recited.(n) A reunion held by one of the colleges of the University of Oxford for alumni, normally held during the long vacation.
gauge: (n) A measure; a standard of measure; an instrument to determine dimensions, distance, or capacity; a standard; An act of measuring.; An estimate.; Any instrument for ascertaining or regulating the level, state, dimensions or forms of things; A thickness of sheet metal or wire designated by any of several numbering schemes.; The distance between the rails of a railway.; A semi-norm; a function that assigns a non-negative size to all vectors in a vector space.; The number of stitches per inch, centimetre, or other unit of distance.; Relative positions of two or more vessels with reference to the wind.; The depth to which a vessel sinks in the water.; The quantity of plaster of Paris used with common plaster to make it set more quickly.; That part of a shingle, slate, or tile, which is exposed to the weather, when laid; also, one course of such shingles, slates, or tiles.; A unit of measurement which describes how many spheres of bore diameter of a shotgun can be had from one pound of lead; 12 gauge is roughly equivalent to .75 caliber.; A shotgun (synecdoche for 12 gauge shotgun, the most common chambering for combat and hunting shotguns).; A tunnel-like ear piercing consisting of a hollow ring embedded in the lobe.; Cannabis.(v) To measure or determine with a gauge; to measure the capacity of.; To estimate.; To appraise the character or ability of; to judge of.; To draw into equidistant gathers by running a thread through it.; To mix (a quantity of ordinary plaster) with a quantity of plaster of Paris.; To chip, hew or polish (stones, bricks, etc) to a standard size and/or shape.
Gauge: (N) A male given name
gauged: (v) simple past tense and past participle of gauge
gauger: (n) One who gauges.; An officer whose business it is to ascertain the contents of casks.
Gauger: (N) A surname.
gauges: (n) plural of gauge
Gaul: (N) A historical region roughly corresponding to modern France, Luxembourg, Belgium, most of Switzerland, and parts of Northern Italy (Lombardy), the Netherlands, and Germany west of the Rhine.(n) A person from Gaul.
gaunt: (aj) Lean, angular, and bony.; Haggard, drawn, and emaciated.; Bleak, barren, and desolate.
Gaunt: (N) A surname.
gaunting: (v) plural of gaunt
gaunts: (v) plural of gaunt
gaur: (n) An Asian species of wild bovine (Bos gaurus), of large size and an untamable disposition.
Gaur: (N) An ancient Bengali city presently divided between Bangladesh and India, named Lakhnauti in the 12th century C.E. and Jannatabad in the 16th-century.
gauss: (n) The unit of magnetic field strength in CGS systems of units, equal to 0.0001 tesla.
Gauss: (N) A surname, most commonly referring to German mathematician Carl Friedrich Gauss (1777–1855).
gauze: (n) A thin fabric with a loose, open weave.; A similar bleached cotton fabric used as a surgical dressing.; A thin woven metal or plastic mesh.; Wire gauze, used as fence.; Mist or haze(v) To apply a dressing of gauze; To mist; to become gauze-like.
gauzy: (aj) Resembling gauze; light, thin, translucent.; light; giving the effect of haze; vague or elusive; tinged with tenderness and warmth; dewy-eyed, romantic
gavage: (n) A process of force-feeding a goose for foie gras; A process of force-feeding cattle for veal; Feeding by means of a tube passed into the stomach(v) To stuff or glut with something
gave: (v) simple past tense of give; past participle of give
gavel: (n) Rent.; Usury; interest on money.; An old Saxon and Welsh form of tenure by which an estate passed, on the holder's death, to all the sons equally; also called gavelkind.(v) To divide or distribute according to the gavel system.(n) A wooden mallet, used by a courtroom judge, or by a committee chairman, struck against a sounding block to quieten those present, or by an auctioneer to accept the highest bid at auction.; The legal system as a whole.; A mason's setting maul.(v) To use a gavel.(n) A small heap of grain, not tied up into a bundle.(n) A gable.
gavial: (n) The crocodilian Gavialis gangeticus; any species of the family Gavialidae.
Gawain: (N) One of the greatest knights in Arthurian legend; he is King Arthur's nephew and a Knight of the Round Table.
gawk: (n) A cuckoo.; A fool; a simpleton; a stupid or clumsy person.(v) To stare or gape stupidly.; To stare conspicuously.
gawky: (aj) Awkward, ungainly; lacking grace or dexterity in movement.; Left-handed.(n) An awkward, ungainly person.
gay: (aj) Homosexual:; Possessing sexual and/or romantic attraction towards people one perceives to be the same sex or gender as oneself.; Homosexual:; Tending to partner or mate with other individuals of the same sex.; Homosexual:; Between two or more persons perceived to be of the same sex or gender as each other.; Homosexual:; Intended for gay people, especially gay men.; Homosexual:; Homosexually in love with someone.; Homosexual:; Infatuated with something, aligning with homosexual stereotypes.; Homosexual:; In accordance with stereotypes of homosexual people; Effeminate or flamboyant in behavior.; Used to express dislike: lame, uncool, stupid.; Happy, joyful, and lively.; Quick, fast.; Festive, bright, or colourful.; Sexually promiscuous (of any gender), (sometimes particularly) engaged in prostitution.; Upright or curved over the back.; Considerable, great, large in number, size, or degree.(n) A homosexual, especially a male homosexual.; Something which is bright or colorful, such as a picture or a flower.; An ornament, a knick-knack.(v) To make happy or cheerful.; To cause (something, e.g. AIDS) to be associated with homosexual people.(av) Considerably, very.(n) The letter —, which stands for the sound /ɡ/, in Pitman shorthand.
Gay: (N) An English surname, from nicknames, originally a nickname for a cheerful or lively person.; A female given name from English from the word gay, "joyful"; rare today.; A male given name from English. Also a shortened form of Gabriel, Gaylord and similar names, or transferred from the surname.
gayer: (aj) comparative form of gay: more gay(n) Somebody who is gay (in the sense of either homosexual or uncool).
gayest: (aj) superlative form of gay: most gay
gayety: (n) Alternative spelling of gaiety
Gaza: (N) Ellipsis of Gaza City; A Palestinian city on the eastern shore of the Mediterranean Sea.; Ellipsis of Gaza Strip; A North-South strip of land at the southern end of the Levant on the Mediterranean bordering the Sinai Peninsula zone.
gaze: (v) To stare intently or earnestly.; To stare at.(n) A fixed look; a look of eagerness, wonder, or admiration; a continued look of attention.; The object gazed on.; In Lacanian psychoanalysis, the relationship of the subject with the desire to look and awareness that one can be viewed.
gazebo: (n) A belvedere, either a type of summer-house or a roofed, detached porch-like structure, usually in a yard, park or lawn.
gazed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of gaze
gazer: (n) One who gazes.
gazers: (n) plural of gazer
gazes: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gaze(n) plural of gaze
gazing: (v) present participle of gaze(n) The act by which somebody gazes.
gazon: (n) One of the pieces of sod used to line or cover parapets and the faces of earthworks.
Ge: (N) Alternative form of Gaea; A group of aboriginal languages of Brazil.
gE: (n) giant elliptical galaxy
gean: (n) A wild cherry tree, Prunus avium, native to Europe and western Asia or its small, dark fruit.
Gean: (N) A surname.
gear: (n) Equipment or paraphernalia, especially that used for an athletic endeavor.; Clothing; garments.; Goods; property; household items.; A wheel with grooves (teeth) engraved on the outer circumference, such that two such devices can interlock and convey motion from one to the other; a gear wheel.; A particular combination or choice of interlocking gears, such that a particular gear ratio is achieved.; A configuration of the transmission of a motor car so as to achieve a particular ratio of engine to axle torque.; Ellipsis of landing gear.; Recreational drugs, including steroids.; Stuff.; Business matters; affairs; concern.; Anything worthless; nonsense; rubbish.(v) To provide with gearing; to fit with gears in order to achieve a desired gear ratio.; To be in, or come into, gear.; To dress; to put gear on; to harness.; To design or devise (something) so as to be suitable (for a particular type of person or a particular purpose).; To borrow money in order to invest it in assets.(aj) great or fantastic
Gear: (N) A surname.
gears: (n) plural of gear(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gear
gecko: (n) Any lizard of the family Gekkonidae. They are small, carnivorous, mostly nocturnal animals with large eyes and adhesive toes enabling them to climb on vertical and upside-down surfaces.(v) To move in the manner of a gecko; to attach to a vertical or upside-down surface.(n) Misspelling of get-go.
gee: (i) A general exclamation of surprise or frustration.(v) Of a horse, pack animal, etc.: to move forward; go faster; or turn in a direction away from the driver, typically to the right.; To cause an animal to move in this way.; To agree; to harmonize.(n) A gee-gee, a horse.(i) A command to a horse, pack animal, etc., which may variously mean “move forward”, “go faster”, or “turn to the right”.(n) The name of the Latin-script letter G.; A guy.(n) Vagina, vulva.(v) To suit or fit.
Gee: (N) A surname.; A male given name.
geek: (n) A carnival performer specializing in bizarre and unappetizing behavior.; A person who is intensely interested in a particular field or hobby and often having limited or nonstandard social skills. Often used with an attributive noun.; An expert in a technical field, particularly one having to do with computers.; The subculture of geeks; an esoteric subject of interest that is marginal to the social mainstream; the philosophy, events, and physical artifacts of geeks; geekness.; An unfashionable or socially undesirable person.(v) To behave geekishly or in a socially awkward manner, especially when under the influence of drugs or other psycho-active substances, and exhibiting such marked characteristics as hyperactivity, repetitiveness, talkativeness, nervousness, irritability, or paranoia.; To enthusiastically engage in or discuss geek-like interests.(n) A look.(v) To look; to peep; to stare about intently.
geese: (n) plural of goose
geest: (n) A type of slightly raised landscape, with sandy and gravelly soils, that occurs in the plains of Northern Germany, the Northern Netherlands and Denmark.
geez: (i) An exclamation denoting surprise or frustration.(n) Informal address to a male.
Geez: (N) Alternative form of Ge'ez
geezer: (n) A male person.; Someone affable but morally dubious; a wide boy.; Term of address for a male.; An old person, usually a male, typically a cranky old man.; Alternative form of geyser (“domestic water boiler”); Wife; old woman.
Geiger: (N) A surname.
geisha: (n) A Japanese female entertainer skilled in various arts such as tea ceremony, dancing, singing and calligraphy.
geist: (n) Ghost, apparition.; Spirit (of a group, age, era, etc).
Geist: (N) A surname, from German.
gel: (n) A semi-solid to almost solid colloid of a solid and a liquid, such as jelly, cheese or opal.; Any gel intended for a particular cosmetic use, such as for styling the hair.(v) To apply (cosmetic) gel to (the hair, etc).; To become a gel.; To develop a rapport.; To come together to form something; to cohere.(n) A girl.
geld: (n) Money.; In particular, (money paid as) a medieval form of land tax.(v) To tax geld.(v) To castrate a male (usually an animal).; To deprive of anything essential; to weaken.(n) A female animal, such as a ewe or cow, that is not pregnant.
gelid: (aj) Very cold; icy or frosty.
gelider: (adj) plural of gelid
gelidest: (adj) plural of gelid
gelt: (n) A lunatic.(n) Gilding; gilt.(v) simple past tense and past participle of geld(n) A gelding.(n) Money.; Tribute; tax.; Money, especially that given as a gift on Hanukkah or used in games of dreidel.; Chocolate candy in the shape of coins, usually wrapped in metallic foil, usually eaten on Hanukkah and often used for games of dreidel.
gem: (n) A precious stone, usually of substantial monetary value or prized for its beauty or shine.; Any precious or highly valued thing or person.; Anything of small size, or expressed within brief limits, which is regarded as a gem on account of its beauty or value, such as a small picture, a verse of poetry, or an epigram.; A gemma or leaf-bud.; A type of geometrid moth, Orthonama obstipata.; A package containing programs or libraries for the Ruby programming language.; A size of type between brilliant (4-point) and diamond (4½-point), running 222 lines to the foot.(v) To adorn with, or as if with, gems.
Gem: (n) A native or resident of the American state of Idaho.(N) A ghost town in California.; An unincorporated community in Indiana.; A city in Kansas.(N) A diminutive of the female given name Gemma.
Gemara: (N) Part of the Talmud, comprising rabbinical analysis of and commentary on the Mishnah.
Gemini: (n) Someone with a Gemini star sign
gemma: (n) An asexual reproductive structure, as found in animals such as hydra (genus Hydra) and plants such as liverworts (division Marchantiophyta), consisting of a cluster of cells from which new individuals can develop; a bud.
Gemma: (N) A female given name from Italian.; A bright binary star in the constellation Corona Borealis; Alpha (α) Coronae Borealis.
gemmed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of gem
gemot: (n) A (legislative or judicial) assembly in Anglo-Saxon England.; Any assembly.
gems: (n) plural of gem(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gem
Gems: (n) plural of Gem
gen: (n) Information.; Information about the location of a bird.; Fan fiction that does not specifically focus on romance or sex.(n) Alternative letter-case form of Gen (“member of the Gen Movement”)(v) To generate using an automated process, especially a computer program.(n) A generator (device that converts mechanical to electrical energy).(v) To genetically engineer.(n) A shilling.(n) A specific version of something in a chronological sequence.
Gen: (N) A Niger-Congo language of Togo.(n) A member of the Gen Movement, a youth expression of the international Focolare Movement.(N) A female given name, a short form of Genevieve.
gender: (n) Class; kind.; A division of nouns and pronouns (and sometimes of other parts of speech) into masculine or feminine, and sometimes other categories like neuter or common, and animate or inanimate.; Sex (a category, either male or female, into which sexually-reproducing organisms are divided on the basis of their reproductive roles in their species).; Identification as a man, a woman, or something else, and association with a (social) role or set of behavioral and cultural traits, clothing, etc; a category to which a person belongs on this basis. (Compare gender role, gender identity.); Synonym of voice (“particular way of inflecting or conjugating verbs”); The quality which distinguishes connectors, which may be male (fitting into another connector) and female (having another connector fit into it), or genderless/androgynous (capable of fitting together with another connector of the same type).(v) To assign a gender to (a person); to perceive as having a gender; to address using terms (pronouns, nouns, adjectives...) that express a certain gender.; To perceive (a thing) as having characteristics associated with a certain gender, or as having been authored by someone of a certain gender.(v) To engender.; To breed.
gene: (n) A theoretical unit of heredity of living organisms; a gene may take several values and in principle predetermines a precise trait of an organism's form (phenotype), such as hair color.; A segment of DNA or RNA from a cell's or an organism's genome, that may take several forms and thus parameterizes a phenomenon, in general the structure of a protein; locus.
Gene: (N) A diminutive of Eugene, also used as a formal male given name.
genera: (n) plural of genus
genet: (n) Any of several Old World nocturnal, carnivorous mammals, of the genus Genetta in the family Viverridae, most of which have a spotted coat and a long, ringed tail.; The fur of this mammal, or any skin dressed in imitation of it.(n) A group of genetically identical individuals (plants, fungi, bacteria etc.) that have grown in a given location, all originating from asexual reproduction of a single ancestor; a group of ramets.(n) A small-sized, well-proportioned, Spanish horse; a jennet.
Genet: (N) A surname, from French.
geneva: (n) Gin, especially jenever.
Geneva: (N) The capital city of Geneva canton, Switzerland.; A canton of Switzerland.; The largest lake in Switzerland: see Lake Geneva.; A city, the county seat of Geneva County, Alabama, United States.; A city, the county seat of Kane County, Illinois, United States.; A city, the county seat of Fillmore County, Nebraska, United States.; A town in Walworth County, Wisconsin, United States; see also Lake Geneva, Wisconsin, a city nearby.; A female given name transferred from the place name or confused with Genevieve or Ginevra.; The Geneva Convention.(n) Alternative letter-case form of geneva (gin, jenever)
genial: (aj) Friendly and cheerful.; Pleasantly mild and warm.; Marked by genius.; Contributing to, or concerned in, propagation or production; generative; procreative; productive.; Belonging to one's genius or natural character; native; natural; inborn.(aj) Relating to the chin; genian.
genic: (aj) of, relating to, produced by, or being a gene
genically: (adv) plural of genic
genie: (n) A jinn, a being descended from the jann, normally invisible to the human eye, but who may also appear in animal or human form.; A fictional magical being that is typically bound to obey the commands of a mortal possessing its container.
Genie: (N) A male given name Diminutive of Eugene and pet form of Gene; A female given name Diminutive of Eugenie and Eugenia
genii: (n) plural of genius; guardian spirits(n) plural of genie
genip: (n) A succulent berry with a thick rind, the fruit of plants in the genus Genipa.; Alternative form of quenepa (“mamoncillo”)
genius: (n) Someone possessing extraordinary intelligence or skill; especially somebody who has demonstrated this by a creative or original work in science, music, art etc.; Extraordinary mental capacity.; Inspiration, a mental leap, an extraordinary creative process.; The tutelary deity or spirit of a place or person.(aj) Ingenious, brilliant, very clever, or original.
genoa: (n) A staysail that resembles a jib but extends aft beyond the mast.; Genoa cake
Genoa: (N) A province of Liguria, Italy.; The capital city of Liguria, Italy, and also of the province of Genoa.; A town in the Shire of Eastern Gippsland, Victoria, Australia.; An unincorporated community in Miller County, Arkansas, United States.; A small statutory town in Lincoln County, Colorado, United States.; A city in DeKalb County, Illinois, United States.; An unincorporated community in Olmsted County, Minnesota, United States.; A small city in Nance County, Nebraska, United States.; An unincorporated town in Douglas County, Nevada, United States.; A town in Cayuga County, New York, United States.; A village in Ottawa County, Ohio, United States.; The former name of Perry Heights, an unincorporated community in Stark County, Ohio, United States.; A village and town in Vernon County, Wisconsin, United States.; a maritime republic in northwestern Italy that existed from the 11th century until its disestablishment in 1797 when Napoleon formed the Ligurian Republic, a client state; Genoa briefly regained independence in 1814 before becoming quickly annexed by the Kingdom of Sardinia in 1815.
genome: (n) The complete genetic information (either DNA or, in some viruses, RNA) of an organism.
genre: (n) A kind; a stylistic category or sort, especially of literature or other artworks.
genres: (n) plural of genre
genro: (n) A body of elder statesmen of Japan, formerly used as informal advisors to the Emperor.
gens: (n) A legally defined unit of Roman society, being a collection of people related through a common ancestor by birth, marriage or adoption, possibly over many generations, and sharing the same nomen gentilicium.; A tribal subgroup whose members are characterized by having the same descent, usually along the male line.; A host-specific lineage of a brood parasite species.^([W])(n) plural of gen (clipping of generation).
Gens: (n) plural of Gen
gent: (n) A gentleman.(aj) Noble; well-bred, courteous; graceful.; neat; pretty; elegant(n) Short for gentamicin.
gentes: (n) plural of gens
gentle: (aj) Tender and amiable; of a considerate or kindly disposition.; Soft and mild rather than hard or severe.; Docile and easily managed.; Gradual rather than steep or sudden.; Polite and respectful rather than rude.; Well-born; of a good family or respectable birth, though not noble.(v) To become gentle.; To ennoble.; To break; to tame; to domesticate.; To soothe; to calm; to make gentle.(n) A person of high birth.; A maggot used as bait by anglers.; A trained falcon, or falcon-gentil.
Gentle: (N) A surname.
gently: (av) In a gentle manner.
Gentoo: (n) A non-Muslim inhabitant of India, a Hindu; specifically, in Southern India, a speaker of Telugu.; The gentoo penguin (Pygoscelis papua), a species of penguin.(N) The Telugu language.
gentry: (n) Birth; condition; rank by birth.; Courtesy; civility; complaisance.; People of education and good breeding.; In a restricted sense, those people between the nobility and the yeomanry.
Gentry: (N) A surname.
gents: (n) plural of gent(n) A men's room: a lavatory intended for use by men.(aj) Men's: intended for use by men.
Gents: (n) Alternative form of gents: a men's room, a lavatory intended for use by men.
genu: (n) The knee.; A knee-like structure, in particular a bend in the corpus callosum of mammals.
genus: (n) A category in the classification of organisms, ranking below family (Lat. familia) and above species.; A taxon at this rank.; A group with common attributes.; A natural number representing any of several related measures of the complexity of a given manifold or graph.; Within a definition, a broader category of the defined concept.
geode: (n) A nodule of stone having a cavity lined with mineral or crystal matter on the inside wall.
geoid: (n) The shape, extending through landmasses (continents, etc.), that the surface of the oceans of the Earth would take under the influence of the Earth's gravity and rotation alone, disregarding other factors such as winds and tides; that is, a surface of constant gravitational potential at zero elevation.
George: (N) A male given name from Ancient Greek; An English and Welsh patronymic surname, from given names.; A French patronymic surname, from given names.; A German patronymic surname, from given names, a variant of Georg.; An Irish patronymic surname, from Irish, an anglicization of Seoirse.; A diminutive of the female given names Georgina or Georgia; also used in the conjoined name George Ann(e).; The autopilot of an aircraft.; A town in Western Cape, South Africa; named for George III of the United Kingdom.; A locale in the United States.; A city in Iowa; named for the son of a railroad official.; A locale in the United States.; A city in Washington; named for George Washington, 1st president of the United States.; A locale in the United States.; A ghost town in Missouri; named for postmaster Stephen H. George.(n) A coin bearing King George's profile.; A jewelled figure of St George slaying the dragon, worn by Knights of the Garter.
gerah: (n) An ancient Hebrew unit of weight and currency, one twentieth of a shekel.
gerbil: (n) One of several species of small, jumping, murine rodents, of the genus Gerbillus and certain other genera in subfamily Gerbillinae, with leaping powers resembling the jerboa, native to Africa, India, and Southern Europe.(v) To rotate inside a monowheel or similar apparatus due to sudden acceleration or braking.; To insert a small animal into one's rectum (a sexual practice in urban myth).
gerent: (n) A manager.
germ: (n) The small mass of cells from which a new organism develops; a seed, bud, spore, or zygote.; The embryo of a seed, especially of a seed used as a cereal or grain. See Wikipedia article on cereal germ.; The small mass of cells from which a new organism develops; a seed, bud, spore, or zygote.; The small mass of cells from which a part of an organism develops, or a macroscopic but immature form of that part; a bud.; A pathogen: a pathogenic microorganism, such as a bacterium or virus.; The origin or earliest version of an idea or project.; An equivalence class that includes a specified function defined in an open neighborhood.(v) To germinate.; To grow, as if parasitic.
Germ: (n) a German person.
german: (aj) Having the same mother and father; a full (brother or sister).; Being born to one’s blood aunt or uncle, a first (cousin).; Closely related, akin.(n) A near relative.(n) An elaborate round dance, often with a waltz movement.; A social party at which the german is danced.
German: (n) A native or inhabitant of Germany; a person of German citizenship or nationality.; A member of the Germanic ethnic group which is the most populous ethnic group in Germany; a person of German descent.; A member of a Germanic tribe.; A German wine.; A size of type between American and Saxon, 1+¹⁄₂-point type.; A Germany-produced car, a “German whip”.; A prison warder(N) An Indo-European (Indo-Germanic) language, primarily spoken in Germany, Austria, Liechtenstein, South Tyrol, Switzerland, Luxembourg, and a small part of Belgium.; A surname.(aj) Of or relating to the nation of Germany.; Of or relating to the natives or inhabitants of Germany; to people of German descent.; Of, in or relating to the German language.
germen: (n) The basic form of an organism; the seed or germ.
germs: (n) plural of germ
Germs: (n) plural of Germ
Gers: (N) One of the departments in Occitania, France. Capital: Auch (INSEE code 32).(N) Rangers Football Club, a football club from Glasgow, Scotland
gerund: (n) A verbal form that functions as a verbal noun. (In English, a gerund has the same spelling as a present participle, but functions differently; however, this distinction may be ambiguous or unclear and so is no longer made in some modern texts such as A Comprehensive Grammar of the English Language and The Cambridge Grammar of the English Language); In some languages such as Dutch, Italian or Russian, a verbal form similar to a present participle, but functioning as an adverb to form adverbial phrases or continuous tense. These constructions have various names besides gerund, depending on the language, such as conjunctive participles, active participles, adverbial participles, transgressives, etc.
gesso: (n) A mixture of plaster of Paris and glue used to prepare a surface for painting.; A work of art done in gesso.
gest: (n) A story or adventure; a verse or prose romance.; An action represented in sports, plays, or on the stage; show; ceremony.; bearing; deportment; A gesture or action.(n) A stage in travelling; a stop for rest or lodging in a journey; a rest.; A roll reciting the several stages arranged for a royal progress.
Gest: (N) A surname.
get: (v) To obtain; to acquire.; To receive.; To have. See usage notes.; To fetch, bring, take.; To become, or cause oneself to become.; To cause to become; to bring about.; To cause to do.; To cause to come or go or move.; To adopt, assume, arrive at, or progress towards (a certain position, location, state).; To cover (a certain distance) while travelling.; To begin (doing something or to do something).; To take or catch (a scheduled transportation service).; To respond to (a telephone call, a doorbell, etc).; To be able, be permitted, or have the opportunity (to do something desirable or ironically implied to be desirable).; To understand. (compare get it); To be told; be the recipient of (a question, comparison, opinion, etc.).; To be. Used to form the passive of verbs.; To become ill with or catch (a disease).; To catch out, trick successfully.; To perplex, stump.; To find as an answer.; To bring to reckoning; to catch (as a criminal); to effect retribution.; To hear completely; catch.; To getter.; To beget (of a father).; To learn; to commit to memory; to memorize; sometimes with out.; Used with a personal pronoun to indicate that someone is being pretentious or grandiose.; To go, to leave; to scram.; To kill.; To make acquisitions; to gain; to profit.; To measure.(n) Offspring.; Lineage.; A difficult return or block of a shot.; Something gained; an acquisition.(n) A git.(n) A Jewish writ of divorce.
Get: (n) A member of the Getae.
gets: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of get(n) plural of get
Gets: (n) plural of Get
getter: (n) One who gets.; A function used to retrieve the value of some property of an object, contrasted with the setter.; A material which is included in a vacuum system or device for removing gas by sorption.; A miner who dug coal, contrasted with the putter, who took it to the surface.(v) To remove gas by sorption.
Getter: (N) A surname, from German.
Getty: (N) A surname.
getup: (n) A costume or outfit, especially one that is ostentatious or otherwise unusual.; A fight or altercation.; Layout and production style, as of a magazine.; Alternative form of get-up-and-go
geum: (n) Any of the genus Geum of perennial herbaceous plants.
gewgaw: (n) A showy trifle, a toy; a showy trinket, ornament or decoration.(aj) Showy; unreal; pretentious.
gey: (av) Very.(aj) Fairly good; considerable.
geyser: (n) A boiling natural spring which throws forth at frequent intervals jets of water, mud etc., driven up by the expansive power of steam.; An instantaneous, and often dangerous, hot water heater.; A domestic water boiler.(v) To (cause to) rush or burst upward like water from a geyser.
ghana: (n) A style of Maltese folk singing
Ghana: (N) A country in West Africa. Official name: Republic of Ghana.
gharry: (n) A wheeled cart or carriage (usually horsedrawn), used especially in Myanmar.; A jeep or small truck for conveying troops.
ghat: (n) A descending path or stairway to a river; a ford or landing-place.; A mountain range.; A mountain pass.; A steep ravine leading to the sea.; A burning-ghat.
ghats: (n) plural of ghat
Ghats: (N) A pair of mountain ranges in southern India.
ghazi: (n) A Muslim warrior who fights in war against non-Muslims, especially one who has won renown as a martial champion; often used as a title.
Ghazi: (N) A surname, from Arabic.
Gheber: (n) A Zoroastrian; a Parsi.
ghee: (n) A type of clarified butter used in South Asian cooking; usli ghee.; Vegetable oil for cooking.
Ghee: (N) A surname.
Ghent: (N) The capital city of the province of East Flanders, Belgium.
ghetto: (n) An (often walled) area of a city in which Jews are concentrated by force and law. (Used particularly of areas in medieval Italy and in Nazi-controlled Europe.); An (often impoverished) area of a city inhabited predominantly by members of a specific nationality, ethnicity, or race.; An area in which people who are distinguished by sharing something other than ethnicity concentrate or are concentrated.; An isolated, self-contained, segregated subsection, area or field of interest; often of minority or specialist interest.(aj) Of or relating to a ghetto or to ghettos in general.; Unseemly and indecorous or of low quality; cheap; shabby, crude.; Characteristic of the style, speech, or behavior of residents of a predominantly black or other ghetto in the United States.; Having been raised in a ghetto in the United States.(v) To confine (a specified group of people) to a ghetto.
ghi: (n) Alternative spelling of ghee
ghis: (n) plural of ghi
ghost: (n) The spirit; the soul of man.; The disembodied soul; the soul or spirit of a deceased person; a spirit appearing after death; Any faint shadowy semblance; an unsubstantial image.; A false image formed in a telescope, camera, or other optical device by reflection from the surfaces of one or more lenses.; An unwanted image similar to and overlapping or adjacent to the main one on a television screen, caused by the transmitted image being received both directly and via reflection.; A ghostwriter.; A nonexistent person invented to obtain some fraudulent benefit.; A dead person whose identity is stolen by another. See ghosting.; An unresponsive user on IRC, resulting from the user's client disconnecting without notifying the server.; An image of a file or hard disk.; An understudy.; A covert (and deniable) agent.; The faint image that remains after an attempt to remove graffiti.; An opponent in a racing game that follows a previously recorded route, allowing players to compete against previous best times.; Someone whose identity cannot be established because there are no records of him/her; White or pale.; Transparent or translucent.; Abandoned.; Remnant; the remains of a(n).; Perceived or listed but not real.; Of cryptid, supernatural or extraterrestrial nature.; Substitute.; A formerly nonexistent character that was at some point mistakenly encoded into a character set standard, which might have since become used opportunistically for some genuine purpose.; A game in which players take turns to add a letter to a possible word, trying not to complete a word.(v) To haunt; to appear to in the form of an apparition.; To die; to expire.; To imbue with a ghost-like hue or effect.; To ghostwrite.; To sail seemingly without wind.; To copy a file or hard drive image.; To gray out (a visual item) to indicate that it is unavailable.; To forcibly disconnect an IRC user who is using one's reserved nickname.; To appear or move without warning, quickly and quietly; to slip.; To transfer (a prisoner) to another prison without the prior knowledge of other inmates.; To kill.; To perform an act of ghosting: to break up with someone without warning or explanation; to ignore someone, especially on social media.; To provide the speaking or singing voice for another actor, who is lip-syncing.
ghosts: (n) plural of ghost(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of ghost
ghoul: (n) A demon said to feed on corpses.; A graverobber.; A person with an undue interest in death and corpses, or more generally in things that are revolting and repulsive.; A person with a callous or uncaring attitude to human life and suffering, particularly when prioritising economic concerns.
ghyll: (n) A ravine.
gi: (n) A martial arts uniform.
GI: (n) A member of the U.S. military.; One who is demanding and strict, in the manner of a stereotypical member of the military.; Misspelling of Gl., the prefix for Gliese catalog of nearby stars(v) To clean aggressively.
giant: (n) A mythical human of very great size.; Specifically:; Any of the gigantes, the race of giants in the Greek mythology.; Specifically:; A jotun.; A very tall and large person.; A tall species of a particular animal or plant.; A star that is considerably more luminous than a main sequence star of the same temperature (e.g. red giant, blue giant).; An Ethernet packet that exceeds the medium's maximum packet size of 1,518 bytes.; A very large organisation.; A person of extraordinary strength or powers, bodily or intellectual.; A maneuver involving a full rotation around an axis while fully extended.(aj) Very large.
Giant: (n) A player for the San Francisco Giants.; A player for the New York Giants.
giants: (n) plural of giant
Giants: (n) plural of Giant
giaour: (n) A non-Muslim, especially a Christian, an infidel; especially as used by Turkish people with particular reference to Christians such as Greeks, Armenians, Bulgarians, Serbs and Assyrians.
gib: (n) A bolt or wedge made from wood or metal used for holding a machine part in place.; A castrated male cat or ferret.; A male cat; a tomcat.; A hooked prolongation on the lower jaw of a male salmon or trout.(v) To fasten in place with a gib.(n) Miscellaneous pieces of a fragged character, most often in first-person shooters.(v) To blast an enemy or opponent into gibs.(n) plasterboard.(v) To install plasterboard.
GiB: (S) gibibyte (2¹⁰ (1024) mebibytes or 2³⁰ (1024³) bytes).
gibber: (n) Gibberish, unintelligible speech.(v) To jabber, talk rapidly and unintelligibly or incoherently.(n) A boulder, a stone; a mass of stone.(n) A balky horse.
gibbet: (n) An upright post with a crosspiece used for execution and subsequent public display.; The projecting arm of a crane, from which the load is suspended; the jib.; A human-shaped structure made of iron bands designed to publicly display the corpse of an executed criminal.(v) To execute (someone), or display (a body), on a gibbet.; To expose (someone) to ridicule or scorn.
gibbon: (n) A small ape of the family Hylobatidae with long limbs, which it uses to travel through rainforests by swinging from branch to branch.
Gibbon: (N) A surname.
gibe: (n) Alternative spelling of gybe; Alternative spelling of jibe (“facetious or insulting remark”)(v) Alternative spelling of gybe; Alternative spelling of jibe
gibes: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gibe
giblet: (n) the edible viscera of a bird
Gibson: (N) An English and Scottish patronymic surname, from given names.; A male given name transferred from the surname.; A small city, the county seat of Glascock County, Georgia, United States.(n) A cocktail made with gin (or vodka) and vermouth, garnished with cocktail onions.; An acoustic or electric guitar made by the Gibson company.
gid: (n) A disease caused by coenurosis of the brain; most commonly found in sheep and canids(n) A fiddle.
giddy: (aj) Dizzy, feeling dizzy or unsteady and as if about to fall down.; Causing dizziness: causing dizziness or a feeling of unsteadiness.; Lightheartedly silly, or joyfully elated.; Frivolous, impulsive, inconsistent, changeable.(v) To make dizzy or unsteady.; To reel; to whirl.
Gideon: (N) A warrior judge of Israel mentioned in the book of Judges.; A male given name from Hebrew, popularized by Puritans.; An English patronymic surname, from given names.; A city in Missouri, United States; named for lumber businessman Frank Gideon.; A census-designated place in Oklahoma, United States.(n) A member of Gideons International, an evangelical Christian association, founded in 1899, that distributes free copies of the Bible.
Gien: (N) A commune of the Loiret department, in north-central France.; A surname.
gif: (n) Alternative letter-case form of GIF(v) Alternative letter-case form of GIF
GIF: (n) A bitmap image format for pictures with support for multiple images per file or animations, and up to 256 distinct colors per frame, including a fully transparent color.; An image encoded in GIF file format; the resulting file.; Any short video without audio, usually one which loops.; Any short video, in a format directly supported by HTML5 (ie. GIF, MP4, WebM)(v) To create a GIF file of (an image or video sequence, especially relating to an event).
Gif: (n) Alternative form of GIF
gift: (n) Something given to another voluntarily, without charge.; A talent or natural ability.; Something gained incidentally, without effort.; The act, right, or power of giving or bestowing.(v) To give as a gift or donation.; To give away, to concede easily.
gifted: (aj) Endowed with special, in particular intellectual, abilities.(v) simple past tense and past participle of gift
gifts: (n) plural of gift(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gift
gig: (n) Originally (music), a performing engagement by a musician or musical group; (by extension, film, television, theater) a job or role for a performer.; Any job, especially one that is freelance or temporary, or done on an on-demand basis.; A demerit received for some infraction of a military deportment or dress code.(v) To play (a musical instrument) at a gig.; To impose a demerit (on someone) for an infraction of a military deportment or dress code.; To engage in a musical performance, act in a theatre production, etc.; To work at any job, especially one that is freelance or temporary, or done on an on-demand basis.(n) Clipping of gigabyte (“one billion (1,000,000,000) bytes”).; Any unit of measurement having the SI prefix giga-.(n) A top which is made to spin by tying a piece of string around it and then throwing it so that the string unwinds rapidly; a whipping-top.; A person with an odd appearance; also, a foolish person.; Senses relating to enjoyment.; Fun; frolics.; Senses relating to enjoyment.; A fanciful impulse; a whim; also, a joke.; Senses relating to vehicles.; Senses relating to vehicles.; A two-wheeled carriage drawn by a single horse.(v) To make a joke, often condescendingly, at the expense of (someone); to make fun of.; Sometimes followed by it: to ride in a gig (“a two-wheeled carriage drawn by a single horse”).(n) A frivolous, playful, or wanton young woman; a giglet or giglot.(n) Synonym of fishgig or fizgig (“a spear with a barb on the end of it, used for catching fish, frogs, or other small animals”).(v) To spear (fish, etc.) with a gig or fizgig.; To catch or fish with a gig or fizgig.
giggle: (v) To laugh gently in a nervous or affected manner.(n) A high-pitched, silly laugh.; Fun; an amusing episode.
gigolo: (n) A man who has a sexual relationship with a woman from whom he receives payment.; A hired escort or dancing partner for a woman.
gigot: (n) A leg of lamb or mutton.; Short for gigot sleeve (“a type of sleeve shaped like a leg of mutton”).
gigs: (n) plural of gig(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gig
gigue: (n) an Irish dance, derived from the jig, used in the Partita form (Baroque Period).
gild: (v) To cover with a thin layer of gold; to cover with gold leaf.; To adorn.; To decorate with a golden surface appearance.; To give a bright or pleasing aspect to.; To make appear drunk.(n) Obsolete spelling of guild
gilded: (v) simple past tense and past participle of gild(aj) Having the color or quality of gold.; Made of gold or covered by a thin layer of gold.; Having a falsely pleasant appearance; sugarcoated.
gilder: (n) One who gilds; especially one whose occupation is to overlay things with gold.(n) Alternative spelling of guilder
Gilder: (N) A surname.
gilds: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gild
Gilead: (N) A region east of the Jordan river.; A male given name from Hebrew in occasional use.; An illiberal and oppressive place, especially on matters related to women's rights, reproduction, or sex (from the theocratic dystopia in Margaret Atwood's novel The Handmaid's Tale).
gilet: (n) A sleeveless jacket similar to a waistcoat.
gilgai: (n) A small concavity or depression between ridges, where rainwater gathers.
gill: (n) a breathing organ of fish and other aquatic animals; a gill slit or gill cover; one of the radial folds on the underside of the cap of a mushroom, on the surface of which the spore-producing organs are borne; the fleshy flap that hangs below the beak of a fowl; a wattle; the flesh under or about the chin; a wattle; one of the combs of closely ranged steel pins which divide the ribbons of flax fiber or wool into fewer parallel filaments(v) To remove the gills from a fish as part of gutting and cleaning it.; To catch (a fish) in a gillnet.; To be or become entangled in a gillnet.(n) a drink measure for spirits and wine (size varies regionally but it is about one quarter of a pint); a measuring jug holding a quarter or half a pint(n) rivulet; ravine(n) a two-wheeled frame for transporting timber(n) a female ferret; a promiscuous woman; harlot, wanton; a prostitute(v) To act as a prostitute.
Gill: (N) A diminutive of the male given names Giles, Julian, or William, of medieval usage.; A diminutive of the female given name Gillian, variant of Jill.; A Scottish and Northern English habitational surname, from Old Norse for someone who lived near a gill.; A Scottish and Irish patronymic surname, from Scottish Gaelic, an alternate anglicization of Mac an Ghoill (McGill).; A male given name transferred from the surname, of modern usage.; A locale in the United States.; A town in Massachusetts; named for Massachusetts politician Moses Gill.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Colorado; named for early landowner William H. Gill.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Texas.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in West Virginia; named for an early postmaster.; A locale in the United States.; A ghost town in South Dakota; named for early postmaster Carl M. Gilberg.; A Punjabi surname, from Punjabi from ਗਿੱਲ (gilla).(n) Someone connected with Gillingham Football Club, as a fan, player, coach etc.
gillie: (n) A male attendant of a Scottish Highland chief.; A fishing and hunting guide; a man or boy who attends to a person who is fishing or hunting, especially in Scotland.(v) To be a gillie, a fishing or hunting guide, for (someone).(n) A gill of an alcoholic drink.
Gillie: (N) A surname.
gills: (n) plural of gill(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gill
Gills: (n) plural of Gill
gilt: (n) gold or other metal in a thin layer; gilding.; Gold-colored paint or other coating.; Money.; A security issued by the Bank of England (see gilt-edged).; A gilded object, an object covered with gold.(aj) Golden coloured.(v) simple past tense and past participle of gild(n) A young female pig, at or nearing the age of first breeding.
gimel: (n) The third letter of the several Semitic alphabets (Phoenician, Aramaic, Hebrew, Syriac).
Gimel: (N) A Swiss commune.
gimlet: (n) A small screw-tipped tool for boring holes.; A cocktail, usually made with gin and lime juice.(v) To pierce or bore holes (as if using a gimlet).; To turn round (an anchor) as if turning a gimlet.
gimmal: (n) Joined work whose parts move within each other; a pair or series of interlocked rings.; A quaint piece of machinery; a gimmer.
gimme: (ab) Give me.(n) That which is easily obtained, or certain to occur.; A tap-in putt, usually a couple inches from the cup.
gimp: (n) A narrow ornamental fabric or braid of silk, wool, or cotton, often stiffened with metallic wire or coarse cord running through it, used as trimming for dresses, curtains, furniture, etc. Also guimpe.; Any coarse or reinforced thread, such as a glazed thread employed in lacemaking to outline designs, or silk thread used as a fishing leader, protected from the bite of fish by a wrapping of fine wire.; The plastic cord used in the plaiting and knotting craft Scoubidou (lanyard making); or, the process itself.; Gumption(v) To wrap or wind (surround) with another length of yarn or wire in a tight spiral, often by means of a gimping machine, creating 'gimped yarn', etc. Also, generally, to wrap or twist with string or wire. See gimped.; To notch or indent; to jag or make jagged; to edge with serrations or grooves.(n) A person who is lame due to a crippling of the legs or feet.; A crippled leg.; A limp or a limping gait.; A name-calling word, generally for a person who is perceived to be inept, deficient or peculiar; A sexual submissive, almost always male, dressed generally in a black leather suit. See Gimp (sadomasochism) in Wikipedia.; A character or ability that is underpowered.(v) To limp; to hobble.; To make underpowered; to limit or restrict the useful effects of.(aj) Neat; trim; delicate; slender; handsome; spruce; elegant.
GIMP: (n) The GNU Image Manipulation Program, a computer program capable of manipulating digital images.
gin: (n) A colourless non-aged alcoholic liquor made by distilling fermented grains such as barley, corn, oats or rye with juniper berries; the base for many cocktails.; Gin rummy.; Drawing the best card or combination of cards.(n) A trick; a device or instrument.; A scheme; contrivance; artifice; a figurative trap or snare.; A snare or trap for game.; A machine for raising or moving heavy objects, consisting of a tripod formed of poles united at the top, with a windlass, pulleys, ropes, etc.; A hoisting drum, usually vertical; a whim.; A pile driver.; A windpump.; A cotton gin.; An instrument of torture worked with screws.(v) To remove the seeds from cotton with a cotton gin.; To trap something in a gin.(v) To begin.(n) An Aboriginal woman.(c) If.
Gin: (n) An ethnic Vietnamese, in reference to those whose lands are in China.
ging: (n) A company; troop; a gang.(n) A ‘shanghai’, or handheld catapult.(n) A redhead, a ginger-haired person
Ging: (N) A diminutive of the female given names Ginger and Virginia.
ginger: (n) The pungent aromatic rhizome of a tropical Asian herb, Zingiber officinale, used as a spice and as a stimulant and acarminative.; The plant that produces this rhizome.; Other species belonging to the same family, Zingiberaceae, especially those of the genus Zingiber; A reddish-brown color.; A person with reddish-brown hair; a redhead.; Vitality, vigour, liveliness (of character).; Ginger ale, or can or bottle of such (especially if dry).; Any soft fizzy drink, or can or bottle of such; pop; soda.(aj) Of a reddish-brown colour.(v) To add ginger to.; To enliven, to spice (up).; To apply ginger to the anus of a horse to encourage it to carry its tail high and move in a lively fashion.; To inspire (someone); to give a little boost to.(aj) Very careful or cautious; also, delicate, sensitive.(av) In a very careful or cautious manner; also, delicately, sensitively.(v) To move gingerly, in a very careful and cautious manner.(n) A homosexual.(aj) Homosexual.
Ginger: (N) A female given name from English and nickname.; A male nickname.; A given name for animals having ginger- or orange-coloured fur or feathers.
gink: (n) A guy, a fellow, especially (derogatory) a foolish, unworldly, or socially inept man.
ginkgo: (n) Ginkgo biloba, a tree native to China with small, fan-shaped leaves and edible seeds.; The seed of the ginkgo tree.
gins: (n) plural of gin(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gin
gip: (v) Alternative form of gyp(n) A servant; a gyp.(v) To take out the entrails of (herrings).; to retch
gipsy: (n) Alternative spelling of gypsy(v) Alternative spelling of gypsy
Gipsy: (n) Alternative spelling of Gypsy
Giraud: (N) A surname.
gird: (v) To bind with a flexible rope or cord.; To encircle with, or as if with a belt.; To prepare oneself for an action.(n) A sarcastic remark.; A stroke with a rod or switch.; A severe spasm; a twinge; a pang.(v) To jeer at.; To jeer.
girded: (v) simple past tense and past participle of gird
girder: (n) A beam of steel, wood, or reinforced concrete, used as a main horizontal support in a building or structure.; One who girds; a satirist.
girdle: (n) That which girds, encircles, or encloses; a circumference; A belt or sash at the waist, often used to support stockings or hosiery.; A garment used to hold the abdomen, hips, buttocks, and/or thighs in a particular shape.; The zodiac; also, the equator.; The line of greatest circumference of a brilliant-cut diamond, at which it is grasped by the setting.; A thin bed or stratum of stone.; The clitellum of an earthworm.; The removal or inversion of a ring of bark in order to kill or stunt a tree.(v) To gird, encircle, or constrain by such means.; To kill or stunt a tree by removing or inverting a ring of bark.(n) Alternative form of griddle
girds: (n) plural of gird(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gird
girl: (n) A female child, adolescent, or a young woman.; A young female animal.; A woman, especially a young and often attractive woman.; A female servant; a maid. (see usage notes); A queen (the playing card).; A term of endearment. (see usage notes); One's girlfriend.; One's daughter.; A roebuck two years old.; Cocaine, especially in powder form.; A female (tree, gene, etc).; A boy or man who is weak or sentimental.(v) To feminize or girlify; to gender as a girl or as for girls.; To staff with or as a girl or girls.
Girl: (N) A Chinese constellation located near Aquarius, one of the 28 lunar mansions and part of the Black Turtle.
girlie: (n) A magazine targeting an adult male audience and containing nude or semi-nude photographs of women.; A young girl.(aj) Of entertainment, involving attractive women or images thereof, usually nude or wearing skimpy clothing.; Characteristic of a stereotypical girl, very effeminate, sweet; unmasculine.
girls: (n) plural of girl(n) A woman's breasts.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of girl
giro: (n) A transfer of funds between different account holders, carried out by the bank according to payer's written instructions.; An unemployment benefit cheque.(v) To transfer funds between different account holders, carried out by the bank according to payer's written instructions.
Giro: (N) The Giro d'Italia.
girt: (n) A horizontal structural member of post and beam architecture, typically attached to bridge two or more vertical members such as corner posts.(v) To gird.; To bind horizontally, as with a belt or girdle.; To measure the girth of.(v) simple past tense and past participle of gird(aj) Bound by a cable; used of a vessel so moored by two anchors that she swings against one of the cables by force of the current or tide.(v) to capsize because of forces in the cable attaching it to another vessel.(aj) Alternative spelling of gurt in the sense 'great'.
girth: (n) A band passed under the belly of an animal, which holds a saddle or a harness saddle in place.; The part of an animal around which the girth fits.; One's waistline circumference, most often a large one.; A small horizontal brace or girder.; The distance measured around an object.; The length of the shortest cycle in a graph.(v) To bind as if with a girth or band.
girths: (n) plural of girth
gish: (n) A character that is skilled in both physical combat and the use of magic.; An outsider.
Gish: (N) A surname.
gismo: (n) Alternative spelling of gizmo
gist: (n) The most essential part; the main idea or substance (of a longer or more complicated matter); the crux of a matter; the pith.; The essential ground for action in a suit, without which there is no cause of action.; Resting place (especially of animals), lodging.(v) To summarize, to extract and present the most important parts of.
git: (n) A silly, incompetent, stupid, or annoying person (usually a man).(v) To get, begone.; To get (leave; scram; begone).(n) Alternative form of geat (channel in metal casting)
gits: (n) plural of git
give: (v) To move, shift, provide something abstract or concrete to someone or something or somewhere.; To transfer one's possession or holding of (something) to (someone).; To move, shift, provide something abstract or concrete to someone or something or somewhere.; To make a present or gift of.; To move, shift, provide something abstract or concrete to someone or something or somewhere.; To pledge.; To move, shift, provide something abstract or concrete to someone or something or somewhere.; To provide (something) to (someone), to allow or afford.; To move, shift, provide something abstract or concrete to someone or something or somewhere.; To cause (a sensation or feeling) to exist in.; To move, shift, provide something abstract or concrete to someone or something or somewhere.; To carry out (a physical interaction) with (something).; To move, shift, provide something abstract or concrete to someone or something or somewhere.; To pass (something) into (someone's hand, etc.).; To move, shift, provide something abstract or concrete to someone or something or somewhere.; To cause (a disease or condition) in, or to transmit (a disease or condition) to.; To estimate or predict (a duration or probability) for (something).; To yield or collapse under pressure or force.; To provide, as, a service or a broadcast.; To lead (onto or into).; To provide a view of.; To exhibit as a product or result; to produce; to yield.; To cause; to make; used with the infinitive.; To cause (someone) to have; produce in (someone); effectuate.; To allow or admit by way of supposition; to concede.; To attribute; to assign; to adjudge.; To communicate or announce (advice, tidings, etc.); to pronounce or utter (an opinion, a judgment, a shout, etc.).; To grant power, permission, destiny, etc. (especially to a person); to allot; to allow.; To devote or apply (oneself).; To become soft or moist.; To shed tears; to weep.; To have a misgiving.; To be going on, to be occurring; Only used in what gives?(n) The amount of bending that something undergoes when a force is applied to it; a tendency to yield under pressure; resilence.(n) Alternative form of gyve
given: (v) past participle of give(p) Considering; taking into account.(n) A condition that is assumed to be true without further evaluation.(aj) Already arranged.; Currently discussed.; Particular, specific.; Assumed as fact or hypothesis.; Prone, disposed.
Given: (N) A surname.
giver: (n) One who gives; a donor or contributor.
givers: (n) plural of giver
gives: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of give(n) plural of give
giving: (v) present participle of give(aj) having the tendency to give; generous(n) The act of bestowing as a gift; a conferring or imparting.; A gift; a benefaction.; The act of softening, breaking, or yielding.
gizmo: (n) Something, generally a device, for which one does not know the proper term.
glacis: (n) A gentle incline in front of a fortification.; The angled armour plate on the front of a tank; glacis plate.; An erosional or depositional landform, with little slope.; A device for sorting mail which slides parcels across a sloped surface.
Glacis: (N) An administrative district in Seychelles
glad: (aj) Pleased, happy, gratified.; Having a bright or cheerful appearance; expressing or exciting joy; producing gladness.(v) To make glad.(n) A gladiolus (plant).
Glad: (N) A diminutive of the female given name Gladys
glade: (n) An open passage through a wood; a grassy open or cleared space in a forest.; An everglade.; An open space in the ice on a river or lake.; A bright surface of ice or snow.; A gleam of light.; A bright patch of sky; the bright space between clouds.
Glade: (N) A surname.
glades: (n) plural of glade
Glades: (N) The Everglades.
gladly: (av) In a glad manner; happily.; Willingly; certainly.
glair: (n) Egg-white, especially as used in various industrial preparations.; Any viscous, slimy substance.; A broadsword fixed on a pike; a kind of halberd.(v) To smear with egg-white.
glairier: (adj) plural of glairy
glairiest: (adj) plural of glairy
glairy: (aj) Of or pertaining to glair; slimy, viscous and transparent.
glaive: (n) A light lance with a long, sharp-pointed head.; A weapon consisting of a pole with a large blade fixed on the end, the edge of which is on the outside curve.; A sword, particularly a broadsword.
glance: (v) To look briefly (at something).; To graze at a surface.; To sparkle.; To move quickly, appearing and disappearing rapidly; to be visible only for an instant at a time; to move interruptedly; to twinkle.; To strike and fly off in an oblique direction; to dart aside.; To hit lightly with the head, make a deft header.; To make an incidental or passing reflection; to allude; to hint; often with at.; A type of interaction between parent fish and offspring in which juveniles swim toward and rapidly touch the sides of the parent, in most cases feeding on parental mucus. Relatively few species glance, mainly some Cichlidae.(n) A brief or cursory look.; A deflection.; A stroke in which the ball is deflected to one side.; A sudden flash of light or splendour.; An incidental or passing thought or allusion.; Any of various sulphides, mostly dark-coloured, which have a brilliant metallic lustre.; Glance coal.
gland: (n) A specialized cell, group of cells, or organ of endothelial origin in the human or animal body that synthesizes a chemical substance, such as hormones or breast milk, and releases it, often into the bloodstream (endocrine gland) or into cavities inside the body or its outer surface (exocrine gland).; A structure resembling a gland, especially a lymph node.; A secretory structure on the surface of an organ.(n) A compressable cylindrical case and its contents around a shaft where it passes through a barrier, intended to prevent the passage of a fluid past the barrier, such as:; A gland used around a ship’s propeller shaft.; A compressable cylindrical case and its contents around a shaft where it passes through a barrier, intended to prevent the passage of a fluid past the barrier, such as:; A gland used around a tap, valve or faucet.
glands: (n) plural of gland
glans: (n) Ellipsis of glans penis.; Ellipsis of clitoral glans.; The acorn or mast of the oak and similar fruits.; Synonym of goiter.; Synonym of pessary.
glare: (n) An intense, blinding light.; Showy brilliance; gaudiness.; An angry or fierce stare.; A call collision; the situation where an incoming call occurs at the same time as an outgoing call.; A smooth, bright, glassy surface.; A viscous, transparent substance; glair.(v) To stare angrily.; To shine brightly.; To be bright and intense, or ostentatiously splendid.; To shoot out, or emit, as a dazzling light.(aj) smooth and bright or translucent; glary
glared: (v) simple past tense and past participle of glare
glares: (n) plural of glare
glary: (aj) Of a dazzling lustre; glaring; bright; shining.; Resembling or characteristic of a glare, or angry look.
glass: (n) An amorphous solid, often transparent substance, usually made by melting silica sand with various additives (for most purposes, a mixture of soda, potash and lime is added).; Any amorphous solid (one without a regular crystal lattice).; A vessel from which one drinks, especially one made of glass, plastic, or similar translucent or semi-translucent material.; The quantity of liquid contained in such a vessel.; Glassware.; A mirror.; A magnifying glass or telescope.; A barrier made of solid, transparent material.; The backboard.; A barrier made of solid, transparent material.; The clear, protective screen surrounding a hockey rink.; A barometer.; Transparent or translucent.; An hourglass.; Lenses, considered collectively.(v) To fit with glass; to glaze.; To enclose in glass.; Clipping of fibreglass.. To fit, cover, fill, or build, with fibreglass-reinforced resin composite (fiberglass).; To strike (someone), particularly in the face, with a drinking glass with the intent of causing injury.; To bombard an area with such intensity (nuclear bomb, fusion bomb, etc) as to melt the landscape into glass.; To view through an optical instrument such as binoculars.; To smooth or polish (leather, etc.), by rubbing it with a glass burnisher.; To reflect; to mirror.; To make glassy.; To become glassy.
Glass: (N) A surname.
glassy: (aj) Of or like glass, especially in being smooth and somewhat reflective.; Including a lot of glass.; Dull; expressionless.; Lacking any chop; smooth and mostly flat.(n) Glass marble.
glaze: (n) The vitreous coating of pottery or porcelain; anything used as a coating or color in glazing. See glaze (transitive verb).; A transparent or semi-transparent layer of paint.; A smooth edible coating applied to food.; A smooth coating of ice formed on objects due to the freezing of rain; glaze ice.; Broth reduced by boiling to a gelatinous paste, and spread thinly over braised dishes.; A glazing oven; glost oven.(v) To install windows.; To apply a thin, transparent layer of coating.; To become glazed or glassy.; For eyes to take on an uninterested appearance.
Glaze: (N) A surname.
glazed: (aj) Of eyes, glistening but not focusing on anything in particular; showing no liveliness.; Having a glaze (a coating).; Having glass in the windows, as opposed to having open spaces for windows or being windowless.(v) simple past tense and past participle of glaze(n) A glazed donut, one with a coating such as sugar or chocolate.
glazer: (n) One who applies glazing, as in pottery, etc.; one who gives a glasslike or glossy surface to anything; a calenderer or smoother of cloth, paper, etc.; A person who is prone to endless monologuing; derived from the practice of talking until the listener's eyes "glaze over".; A glazier; one who fits glass.
Glazer: (N) An occupational surname, from occupations for a glazer.
gleam: (n) A small or indistinct shaft or stream of light.; A glimpse or hint; an indistinct sign of something.; Brightness or shininess; splendor.(v) To shine; to glitter; to glisten.; To be briefly but strongly apparent.; To disgorge filth, as a hawk.
gleams: (n) plural of gleam(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gleam
glean: (v) To collect (grain, grapes, etc.) left behind after the main harvest or gathering.; To gather what is left in (a field or vineyard).; To gather information in small amounts, with implied difficulty, bit by bit.; To frugally accumulate resources from low-yield contexts.(n) A collection made by gleaning.(n) cleaning; afterbirth
glebe: (n) Turf; soil; ground; sod.; In medieval Europe, an area of land, belonging to a parish, whose revenues contributed towards the parish expenses.; A field or meadow.; A piece of earth containing ore.
glede: (n) Any of several birds of prey, especially a kite, Milvus milvus.(n) A live coal, an ember or molten metallic bead such that skids or slides across a cooler surface.
glee: (n) Joy; happiness great delight, especially from one's own good fortune or from another's misfortune.; Music; minstrelsy; entertainment.; An unaccompanied part song for three or more solo voices, not necessarily merry.(v) To sing a glee (unaccompanied part song).
gleet: (n) Stomach mucus, especially of a hawk.; Any slimy, viscous substance.; A urethral discharge, especially as a symptom of gonorrhoea.(v) To flow in a thin, limpid humour; to ooze, as gleet.; To flow slowly, as water.
glen: (n) A secluded and narrow valley, especially one with a river running through it; a dale; a depression between hills.
Glen: (N) A Scottish habitational surname, from Scottish Gaelic for someone who lives in a valley.; A male given name transferred from the surname.; A river in England, mainly in Lincolnshire.
glens: (n) plural of glen
gley: (n) A type of hydric soil, sticky, greenish-blue-grey in colour and low in oxygen.(v) To be converted into this kind of soil.(v) To squint; to look obliquely; to overlook things.
glia: (n) The network of glial cells that supports nervous system tissue.
glias: (n) plural of glia
glib: (aj) Having a ready flow of words but lacking thought or understanding; superficial; shallow.; Smooth or slippery.; Artfully persuasive but insincere in nature; smooth-talking, honey-tongued, silver-tongued.; Snarky or unserious in a disrespectful way.(v) To make smooth or slippery.(n) A mass of matted hair worn down over the eyes, formerly used in Ireland.(v) To castrate; to geld; to emasculate.
glibly: (av) In a glib manner.
glide: (v) To move softly, smoothly, or effortlessly.; To fly unpowered, as of an aircraft. Also relates to gliding birds and flying fish.; To cause to glide.; To pass with a glide, as the voice.(n) The act of gliding.; A transitional sound, especially a semivowel.; An attack or preparatory movement made by sliding down the opponent’s blade, keeping it in constant contact.; A bird, the glede or kite.; A kind of cap affixed to the base of the legs of furniture to prevent it from damaging the floor.; The joining of two sounds without a break.; A smooth and sliding step in dancing the waltz.
Glide: (N) A census-designated place in Douglas County, Oregon, United States.
glided: (v) simple past tense and past participle of glide
glider: (n) One who glides.; Any heavier-than-air aircraft optimised for unpowered flight; a sailplane.; A pilot of glider aircraft.; Any animal with the ability to glide, such as the gliding possum.; Synonym of glide (“cap affixed to base of legs of furniture”); A kind of garden swing.; In the Game of Life cellular automaton, a particular configuration of five cells that recurs periodically at fixed offsets and appears to "walk" across the grid.; A vehicle, of a usually motorised type, without a powertrain.; Any of various species of dragonfly that glide on out-held wings while flying, such as the common glider, Tramea loewii, of Australia, New Guinea, Indonesia, and the Pacific.
glides: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of glide(n) plural of glide
glim: (n) brightness; splendour; A light; a candle; a lantern; a fire.; An eye.; A pair of glasses or spectacles.; A look; a glimpse.; Gonorrhea; Fake documents claiming the loss of property by fire (for use in begging).(v) To brand on the hand.; To illuminate.; To see; to observe.
glint: (n) A short flash of light.(aj) Not sharp; dull.(v) To flash or gleam briefly.; To glance; to peep forth, as a flower from the bud; to glitter.; To cause to flash or gleam; to reflect.; To dry; to wither.
glints: (n) plural of glint
glioma: (n) A tumour that arises from glial cells in the brain or spinal cord
gloam: (n) twilight; Clipping of gloaming.;(v) To begin to grow dark; to grow dusky.; To be sullen or morose.
gloat: (v) To exhibit a conspicuous (sometimes malevolent) pleasure or sense of self-satisfaction, often at an adversary's misfortune.; To triumph, crow, relish, glory, revel.(n) An act or instance of gloating.
glob: (n) A round, shapeless or amorphous lump, as of a semisolid substance.; A limited pattern matching technique using wildcards, less powerful than a regular expression.; A millimeter-sized colour module found beyond the visual area V2 in the brain's parvocellular pathway.(v) To stick in globs or lumps.; To carry out pattern matching using a glob.
global: (aj) Concerning all parts of the world.; Pertaining to the whole of something; total, universal:; Of a variable, accessible by all parts of a program.; Pertaining to the whole of something; total, universal:; Which has to be considered in its entirety.; Spherical, ball-shaped.; Of or relating to a globe or sphere.(n) A globally scoped identifier.(av) In the global manner; world-wide.
globe: (n) Any spherical (or nearly spherical) object.; The planet Earth.; A spherical model of Earth or any planet.; A light bulb.; A circular military formation used in Ancient Rome, corresponding to the modern infantry square.; A woman's breast.; A group.(v) To become spherical.; To make spherical.
Globe: (N) A city, the county seat of Gila County, Arizona; An unincorporated community in Clark County, Wisconsin
globes: (n) plural of globe(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of globe
globin: (n) Any globular protein that incorporates a globin fold.; One of several polypeptides that are the protein components of haemoglobin or myoglobin.
gloom: (n) Darkness, dimness, or obscurity.; A depressing, despondent, or melancholic atmosphere.; Cloudiness or heaviness of mind; melancholy; aspect of sorrow; low spirits; dullness.; A drying oven used in gunpowder manufacture.(v) To be dark or gloomy.; To look or feel sad, sullen or despondent.; To render gloomy or dark; to obscure; to darken.; To fill with gloom; to make sad, dismal, or sullen.; To shine or appear obscurely or imperfectly; to glimmer.
glooms: (n) plural of gloom
gloomy: (aj) Not very illuminated; dim because of darkness, especially when appearing depressing or frightening.; Suffering from gloom; melancholy; dejected.(n) Someone or something that is gloomy or pessimistic.
glop: (v) To stare in amazement.(n) Any gooey substance.; A gooey blob of some substance.(v) To apply (a liquid) thickly and messily.; To swallow greedily.
gloria: (n) A lightweight fabric used for umbrellas and dresses.; A doxology.
Gloria: (N) A female given name from Latin. Popular during the first half of the 20th century.; The Gloria in excelsis Deo, a hymn sung during the liturgy of many churches.
glory: (n) Great beauty and splendor.; Honour, admiration, or distinction, accorded by common consent to a person or thing; high reputation; renown.; That quality in a person or thing which secures general praise or honour.; Worship or praise.; An optical phenomenon, consisting of concentric rings and somewhat similar to a rainbow, caused by sunlight or moonlight interacting with the water droplets that compose mist or clouds, centered on the antisolar or antilunar point.; Victory; success.; An emanation of light supposed to shine from beings that are specially holy. It is represented in art by rays of gold, or the like, proceeding from the head or body, or by a disk, or a mere line.; The manifestation of the presence of God as perceived by humans in Abrahamic religions.; Pride; boastfulness; arrogance.(v) To exult with joy; to rejoice.; To boast; to be proud.; To shine radiantly.
Glory: (N) A female given name from English.
gloss: (n) A surface shine or luster.; A superficially or deceptively attractive appearance.(v) To give a gloss or sheen to.; To make (something) attractive by deception; To become shiny.; Used in a phrasal verb: gloss over (“to cover up a mistake or crime, to treat something with less care than it deserves”).(n) A brief explanatory note or translation of a foreign, archaic, technical, difficult, complex, or uncommon expression, inserted after the original, in the margin of a document, or between lines of a text.; A glossary; a collection of such notes.; An expression requiring such explanatory treatment.; An extensive commentary on some text.; An interpretation by a court of specific point within a statute or case law.(v) To add a gloss to (a text).
glossa: (n) The tongue, or lingua, of an insect.
glossas: (n) plural of glossa
glossy: (aj) Having a smooth, silk-like, reflective surface.(n) A glossy magazine.; A glossy photograph.; A film depicting people with glamorous lifestyles.
glove: (n) An item of clothing other than a mitten, covering all or part of the hand and fingers, but usually allowing independent movement of the fingers.; A baseball mitt.; The ability to catch a hit ball.; A condom.; A challenge from one to another.(v) To catch the ball in a baseball mitt.; To put a glove or gloves on.; To touch a delivery with one's glove while the gloved hand is on the bat. Under the rules of cricket, the batsman is deemed to have hit the ball.
gloved: (aj) Wearing a glove or gloves.(v) simple past tense and past participle of glove
glover: (n) A person who makes or sells gloves.
Glover: (n) someone connected with Yeovil Town Football Club, as a fan, player, coach etc.(N) An occupational surname for a person who was a glover
gloves: (n) plural of glove(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of glove
glow: (v) To emit light as if heated.; To radiate thermal heat.; To display intense emotion.; To gaze especially passionately at something.; To shine brightly and steadily.; To make hot; to flush.; To feel hot; to have a burning sensation, as of the skin, from friction, exercise, etc.; to burn.; to expose someone to the authorities.; to create a threatening online post that may involve violence, and look suspicious enough to attract a police investigation.(n) The light given off by a glowing object.; The condition of being passionate or having warm feelings.; The brilliance or warmth of color in an environment or on a person (especially one's face).
glowed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of glow
glower: (v) To look or stare with anger.(n) An angry glare or stare.(n) That which glows or emits light.
glows: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of glow(n) plural of glow
gloze: (n) A comment in the margin; explanatory note; gloss; commentary.; Flattery.; appearance.; A specious show, a deceit.(v) To extenuate, explain away, gloss over.; To use flattering language.; To smooth over; to palliate by specious explanation.; To give a shine to (something or someone).
gluck: (v) To flow or cause to flow in a noisy series of spurts, as when liquid is emptied through the narrow neck of a bottle.
Gluck: (N) A surname.
glue: (n) A hard gelatin made by boiling bones and hides, used in solution as an adhesive; or any sticky adhesive substance.; Anything that binds two things or people together.; Birdlime.(v) To join or attach something using glue.; To cause something to adhere closely to; to follow attentively.
glued: (v) simple past tense and past participle of glue
gluey: (aj) Viscous and adhesive, as glue.
glum: (aj) despondent; moody; sullen(v) To look sullen; to be of a sour countenance; to be glum.(n) sullenness
glume: (n) A basal, membranous, outer sterile husk or bract in the flowers of grasses (Poaceae) and sedges (Cyperaceae).
glut: (n) An excess, too much.; That which is swallowed.; Something that fills up an opening.; A wooden wedge used in splitting blocks.; A piece of wood used to fill up behind cribbing or tubbing.; A bat, or small piece of brick, used to fill out a course.; An arched opening to the ashpit of a kiln.; A block used for a fulcrum.; The broad-nosed eel (Anguilla anguilla, syn. Anguilla latirostris), found in Europe, Asia, the West Indies, etc.(v) To fill to capacity; to satisfy all demand or requirement; to sate.; To eat gluttonously or to satiety.
gluten: (n) Fibrin (formerly considered as one of the "animal humours").; Any gluey, sticky substance.; The major protein in cereal grains, especially wheat; responsible for the elasticity in dough and the structure in baked bread.; A gluey, sticky mass of clay, bitumen etc.
glycol: (n) Any aliphatic diol.; A thick, colourless liquid, C₂H₄(OH)₂, of a sweetish taste, produced artificially from certain ethylene compounds and used as an antifreeze; ethylene glycol.
glyph: (n) A figure carved in relief or incised, especially representing a sound, word, or idea.; Any of various figures used in Mayan writing.; Any non-verbal symbol that imparts information.; A visual representation of a letter, character, or symbol, in a specific font and style.; A vertical groove.
gnarl: (n) A knot in wood; a large or hard knot, or a protuberance with twisted grain, on a tree.; Something resembling a knot in wood, such as in stone or limbs.(v) To knot or twist something.(aj) Gnarled, knotty, twisted.(v) To snarl or growl; to gnar.
gnarly: (aj) Having or characterized by gnarls; gnarled.; Excellent; attractive.; Dangerous; difficult.; Unpleasant, awful, ugly.; Of music or a sound: harsh.
gnash: (v) To grind (one's teeth) in pain or in anger.; To grind between the teeth.; To clash together violently.; To run away.(n) A sudden snapping of the teeth.
gnat: (n) Any small insect of the order Diptera, specifically within the suborder Nematocera.
Gnat: (n) A type of jet fighter aircraft.
gnats: (n) plural of gnat
Gnats: (n) plural of Gnat
gnaw: (v) To bite something persistently, especially something tough.; To produce excessive anxiety or worry.; To corrode; to fret away; to waste.(n) the act of gnawing
gnawed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of gnaw
gnaws: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gnaw
gneiss: (n) A common and widely-distributed metamorphic rock having bands or veins, but not schistose.
gnomae: (n) plural of gnome
gnome: (n) A brief reflection or maxim; a pithy saying.(n) An elemental (spirit or corporeal creature associated with a classical element) associated with earth.; One of a race of imaginary human-like beings, usually depicted as short and typically bearded males, who inhabit the inner parts of the earth and act as guardians of mines, mineral treasure, etc.; in modern fantasy literature and games, when distinguished from dwarves, gnomes are usually even smaller than dwarves and more focussed on engineering than mining.; A dwarf; a goblin; a person of small stature or misshapen features, or of strange appearance.; The northern pygmy owl, Glaucidium gnoma, a small owl of the western United States.; A small statue of a dwarf-like character, often bearded, placed in a garden.; An upper atmospheric optical phenomenon associated with thunderstorms, a compact blue starter.; A banker, especially a secretive international one.
GNOME: (N) an open source, free software computer desktop environment for Unix operating systems.
gnomes: (n) plural of gnome
gnomic: (aj) Of, or relating to gnomes (sententious sayings).; Mysterious and often incomprehensible yet seemingly wise.; Expressing general truths or aphorisms.
gnomon: (n) An object such as a pillar or a rod that is used to tell time by the shadow it casts when the sun shines on it, especially the pointer on a sundial.; An object such as a pillar used by an observer to calculate the meridian altitude of the sun (that is, the altitude of the sun when it reaches the observer's meridian), for the purpose of determining the observer's latitude.; The index of the hour circle of a globe.; A plane figure formed by removing a parallelogram from a corner of a larger parallelogram.; A number representing the increment between two figurate numbers (“numbers equal to the numbers of dots in geometric figures formed of dots”).
gnosis: (n) an immanent form of knowledge or transcendent insight, such as sought by the Gnostics; act or process of knowing; an altered state of awareness in which the will is magically effective
gnu: (n) A large antelope of the genus Connochaetes, native to Africa, having curved horns.
GNU: (N) The Free Software Foundation's project to develop a free UNIX-like operating system, including the legal framework, such as the source code and documentation licenses.
go: (v) To move:; To move through space (especially to or through a place). (May be used of tangible things like people or cars, or intangible things like moods or information.); To move:; To move or travel through time (either literally—in a fictional or hypothetical situation in which time travel is possible—or in one's mind or knowledge of the historical record). (See also go back.); To move:; To navigate (to a file or folder on a computer, a site on the internet, a memory, etc).; To move:; To move (a particular distance, or in a particular fashion).; To move:; To move or travel in order to do something, or to do something while moving.; To move:; To leave; to move away.; To move:; To walk; to travel on one's feet.; To work or function (properly); to move or perform (as required).; To start; to begin (an action or process).; To take a turn, especially in a game.; To attend.; To proceed:; To proceed (often in a specified manner, indicating the perceived quality of an event or state).; To proceed:; To proceed (especially to do something foolish).; To follow or travel along (a path):; To follow or proceed according to (a course or path).; To follow or travel along (a path):; To travel or pass along.; To extend (from one point in time or space to another).; To lead (to a place); to give access to.; To become. (The adjective that follows usually describes a negative state.); To assume the obligation or function of; to be, to serve as.; To continuously or habitually be in a state.; To come to (a certain condition or state).; To change (from one value to another) in the meaning of wend.; To turn out, to result; to come to (a certain result).; To tend (toward a result).; To contribute to a (specified) end product or result.; To pass, to be used up:; To elapse, to pass; to slip away. (Compare go by.); To pass, to be used up:; To end or disappear. (Compare go away.); To pass, to be used up:; To be spent or used up.; To die.; To be lost or out:; To be lost.; To be lost or out:; To be out.; To break down or apart:; To collapse or give way, to break apart.; To break down or apart:; To break down or decay.; To be sold.; To be discarded or disposed of.; To be given, especially to be assigned or allotted.; To survive or get by; to last or persist for a stated length of time.; To have a certain record.; To be authoritative, accepted, or valid:; To have (final) authority; to be authoritative.; To be authoritative, accepted, or valid:; To be accepted.; To be authoritative, accepted, or valid:; To be valid.; To say (something), to make a sound:; To say (something, aloud or to oneself). (Often used in present tense.); To say (something), to make a sound:; To make the (specified) sound.; To say (something), to make a sound:; To sound; to make a noise.; To be expressed or composed (a certain way).; To resort (to).; To apply or subject oneself to:; To apply oneself; to undertake; to have as one's goal or intention. (Compare be going to.); To apply or subject oneself to:; To make an effort, to subject oneself (to something).; To apply or subject oneself to:; To work (through or over), especially mentally.; To fit (in a place, or together with something):; To fit.; To fit (in a place, or together with something):; To be compatible, especially of colors or food and drink.; To fit (in a place, or together with something):; To belong (somewhere).; To date.; To (begin to) date or have sex with (a particular race).; To attack:; To fight or attack.; To attack:; To fight.; To attack:; To attack.; To be in general; to be usually.; To take (a particular part or share); to participate in to the extent of.; To yield or weigh.; To offer, bid or bet an amount; to pay.; To enjoy. (Compare go for.); To urinate or defecate.; Expressing encouragement or approval.(n) The act of going.; A turn at something, or in something (e.g. a game).; An attempt, a try.; An approval or permission to do something, or that which has been approved.; An act; the working or operation.; A circumstance or occurrence; an incident, often unexpected.; The fashion or mode.; Noisy merriment.; A glass of spirits; a quantity of spirits.; Power of going or doing; energy; vitality; perseverance.; The situation where a player cannot play a card which will not carry the aggregate count above thirty-one.; A period of activity.; A dandy; a fashionable person.(aj) Working correctly and ready to commence operation; approved and able to be put into action.(n) A strategic board game, originally from China, in which two players (black and white) attempt to control the largest area of the board with their counters.
Go: (n) An ancient Chinese board game, today also popular in Japan and Korea, played with 181 black stones and 180 white ones, typically on a board of 19 × 19 squares.(N) A compiled, garbage-collected, concurrent programming language developed by Google.
goa: (n) The Tibetan gazelle, Procapra picticaudata, a species of antelope that inhabits the Tibetan Plateau.
Goa: (N) State in western India which has Panaji as its capital.(n) A form of trance music that originated during the late 1980s in Goa, India (also Goa trance).(N) The fifth winter month of the traditional Icelandic calendar, running from mid-February to mid-March.
goad: (n) A long, pointed stick used to prod animals.; That which goads or incites; a stimulus.(v) To prod with a goad.; To encourage or stimulate.; To incite or provoke.
Goad: (N) A surname.
goaded: (v) simple past tense and past participle of goad
goads: (n) plural of goad(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of goad
Goads: (N) plural of Goad
goal: (n) A result that one is attempting to achieve.; In many sports, an area into which the players attempt to put an object.; The act of placing the object into the goal.; A point scored in a game as a result of placing the object into the goal.; A noun or noun phrase that receives the action of a verb. The subject of a passive verb or the direct object of an active verb. Also called a patient, target, or undergoer.(v) To score a goal.
goalie: (n) A goalkeeper or goaltender.(v) To act as a goalie, to tend the goals, to mind the net.
goals: (n) plural of goal(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of goal
goat: (n) A mammal, Capra aegagrus hircus, and similar species of the genus Capra.; The meat of the aforementioned animal.; A lecherous man.; A scapegoat.; A Pontiac GTO car.; A person who is not easily understood by a speech recognition system; contrasted with sheep.; A fool, loser, or object of ridicule.; A blocker who is isolated behind the opposing team's blockers, so as to slow down the pack.(v) To allow goats to feed on.; To scapegoat.; To isolate (an opposing blocker) behind one's own blockers, so as to slow down the pack.
GOAT: (n) A member of the "government of all the talents" proposed by British prime minister Gordon Brown.
Goat: (N) The eighth of the 12-year cycle of animals which appear in the Chinese zodiac related to the Chinese calendar.
goatee: (n) A beard trimmed to grow only at the center of the chin.
goats: (n) plural of goat(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of goat
GOATs: (n) plural of GOAT
gob: (n) A lump of soft or sticky material.; The mouth.; Saliva or phlegm.; A sailor.; Waste material in old mine workings, goaf.; A whoopee pie.(v) To gather into a lump.; To spit, especially to spit phlegm.; To pack away waste material in order to support the walls of the mine.
gobang: (n) Gomoku, a Japanese strategy game.; Alternative form of goban (“board for playing the game of go”)
gobbet: (n) A quantity of liquid, often in a sticky blotch.; A lump or chunk of something, especially of raw meat.; An extract of text, or image (especially a quotation), provided as a context for analysis, discussion, or translation in an examination.(v) To splash with small quantities of liquid; to spatter.; To swallow greedily; to swallow in gobbets.
gobble: (v) To eat hastily or greedily; to scoff or scarf (often used with up)(n) Fellatio; a blowjob.; An act of eating hastily or greedily.; A rapid straight putt so strongly played that, if the ball had not gone into the hole, it would have gone a long way past.(v) Of a turkey, to make its characteristic vocalisation; also, used of certain other birds.; To make the sound of a turkey.(n) The sound of a turkey; or, a similar vocalisation of another bird.
Gobble: (N) A surname.
gobi: (n) cauliflower
Gobi: (N) A large desert in Asia, spanning the countries of Mongolia and China.
gobis: (n) plural of gobi
goblet: (n) A drinking vessel with a foot and stem.
goblin: (n) One of various hostile supernatural creatures, now especially (fantasy literature) a malevolent and grotesque diminutive humanoid, often associated with orcs or trolls.
gobo: (n) A screen (often in disc form) placed between a light and an illuminated actor or object in order to diffuse the glare.; A device used to shield a microphone from extraneous sounds.; A template inserted over a light source to control the shape of the thrown light.(n) The taproot of young edible burdock plants (Arctium lappa), eaten as a root vegetable.
goby: (n) Any of various small fish from the large family Gobiidae, in which the pelvic fins are fused to form a disc-shaped sucker.; A gudgeon, such as Gobio gobio.
god: (n) A deity or supreme being; a supernatural, typically immortal, being with superior powers, to which personhood is attributed.; Alternative letter-case form of God.; An idol.; A representation of a deity, especially a statue or statuette.; An idol.; Something or someone particularly revered, worshipped, idealized, admired and/or followed.; A person who is exceptionally skilled in a particular activity.; A person in a high position of authority, importance or influence.; A powerful ruler or tyrant.; An exceedingly handsome man.; The person who owns and runs a multi-user dungeon.(N) Alternative form of God(v) To idolize.; To deify.
God: (N) The single deity of various monotheistic religions, especially the deity of Judaism, Christianity, and Islam.
 Dawn believes in God, but Willow believes in multiple gods and goddesses.; God the Father, the fountainhead and coeternal hypostasis (person) of the Trinity described in the Old Testament, and in the New Testament as the father of Jesus.; The single deity of various monotheistic religions, especially the deity of Judaism, Christianity, and Islam.
 Dawn believes in God, but Willow believes in multiple gods and goddesses.; God the Son, the begotten and coeternal hypostasis of the Trinity, incarnated as Jesus Christ, of one essence with the Father and Holy Spirit.; The single male deity of various bitheistic or duotheistic religions.(n) A being such as a monotheistic God: a single divine creator and ruler of the universe.(i) Short for oh God: expressing annoyance or frustration.
Godard: (N) A surname, from French.
Godiva: (N) An 11th-century Anglo-Saxon noblewoman who, according to legend, rode unclothed through the streets of Coventry to gain a remission of the oppressive taxation that her husband had imposed on his tenants.
godly: (aj) Of or pertaining to a god; Devoted to a god or God; devout; righteous.; Gloriously good.(av) In a godly manner; piously; devoutly; righteously.
godown: (n) A warehouse.
gods: (n) plural of god(n) The highest platform, or upper circle, in an auditorium.(n) The occupants of the gallery of a theatre.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of god
Gods: (N) plural of God
godson: (n) A male child whose baptism is sponsored by a godparent.
godwit: (n) Any of four species of long-billed, migratory wading birds in the genus Limosa, of the family Scolopacidae.
goe: (v) Archaic spelling of go.
Goe: (N) A surname.
goer: (n) One who, or that which, goes.; Anything, especially a machine such as a motor car, that performs well, or operates successfully.; A person, often a woman, who enjoys sexual activity.; A foot (body part).; A horse, considered in reference to its gait.
goes: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of go(n) plural of go
Goethe: (N) A German surname, from German.
goffer: (v) To make wavy; to crimp.(n) soft drink; non-alcoholic drink
gog: (n) Haste; ardent desire to go.
Gog: (N) Gog of Magog, a figure mentioned in the Hebrew Bible in Ezekiel 38 and 39, and variously identified by later writers with Satan or certain hostile nations. (See Revelation 20:8.); Replacement for the word God when swearing, forming vulgar minced oaths originating in the 14th century: by Gog’s wounds, Gog’s bread...(n) A person from north Wales.
goggle: (v) To stare (at something) with wide eyes.; To roll the eyes.(n) A wide-eyed stare or affected rolling of the eye.; A pair of protective eyeglasses.
goglet: (n) A jar or vase of porous pottery for keeping water cool by evaporation.
gogol: (n) Misspelling of googol.
Gogol: (N) A Russian and Ukrainian surname.
goin: (v) Pronunciation spelling of going.
Goin: (N) A surname.
going: (v) present participle of go; Attending or visiting (a stated event, place, etc.) habitually or regularly.(n) A departure.; The suitability of ground for riding, walking etc.; Progress.; Conditions for advancing in any way.; Course of life; behaviour; doings; ways.; The whereabouts (of something).; The horizontal distance between the front of one step in a flight of stairs and the front of the next.(aj) Likely to continue; viable.; Current, prevailing.; Available.
Going: (N) A surname.
goings: (n) plural of going
Goings: (N) plural of Going
goiter: (n) Alternative spelling of goitre
gold: (n) A heavy yellow elemental metal of great value, with atomic number 79 and symbol Au.; A coin or coinage made of this material, or supposedly so.; A deep yellow colour, resembling the metal gold.; The bullseye of an archery target.; A gold medal.; Anything or anyone that is very valuable.; A grill (jewellery worn on front teeth) made of gold.(aj) Made of gold.; Having the colour of gold.; Premium, superior.; Of a musical recording: having sold 500,000 copies.(v) To appear or cause to appear golden.(aj) In a finished state, ready for manufacturing.(av) of or referring to a gold version of something
Gold: (N) An English surname, from occupations for a goldsmith or a rich man.
golden: (aj) Made of, or relating to, gold.; Having a colour or other richness suggestive of gold.; Of a beverage, flavoured or colored with turmeric.; Marked by prosperity, creativity etc.; Advantageous or very favourable.; Relating to a fiftieth anniversary.; Relating to the elderly or retired.; Fine, without problems.(n) Kyphosus vaigiensis, a fish found in southeast Asia.; Ellipsis of golden retriever(v) To become gold or golden (in colour).; To make golden or like gold.
Golden: (N) A surname.; A female given name; A male given name; A town in British Columbia, Canada.; A village in County Tipperary, Ireland.; A home rule municipality, the county seat of Jefferson County, Colorado, United States.; An unincorporated community in Idaho County, Idaho.; A village in Adams County, Illinois.; A village in Tishomingo County, Mississippi.; An unincorporated community and census-designated place in Barry County, Missouri.; A ghost town in Burt County, Nebraska.; A ghost town and census-designated place in New Mexico.; A ghost town in Josephine County, Oregon.; An unincorporated community in Wood County, Texas.; A ghost town in Box Elder County, Utah.; An unincorporated community in Greenbrier County, West Virginia.; An unincorporated community in Marshall County, West Virginia.(n) Ellipsis of Golden Retriever
golem: (n) A humanoid creature made from clay, animated by magic.; A humanoid creature made from any previously inanimate matter, such as wood or stone, animated by magic.
golf: (n) A ball game played by individuals competing against one another in which the object is to hit a ball into each of a series of (usually 18 or nine) holes in the minimum number of strokes.; Golf, the letter G in the ICAO spelling alphabet.(v) To play the game of golf.; To write something in as few characters as possible (e.g. in code golf, regex golf)
golfer: (n) Someone who plays golf.; One who takes part in code golf or regex golf.
Golgi: (n) Golgi apparatus
golly: (i) God!(n) A type of black rag doll.; Any dark skinned person.(n) A galosh.(v) To spit; to force up phlegm from one's throat.(n) Chewing gum.; Saliva or phlegm.
golpe: (n) A roundel purpure (purple circular spot).
gomuti: (n) A black, fibrous substance resembling horsehair, obtained from the leafstalks of two palms, Metroxylon sagu, and Arenga pinnata (syn. Arenga saccharifera, of the Indian islands, and used for making cordage.
gomutis: (n) plural of gomuti
gonad: (n) A sex organ that produces gametes; specifically, a testicle or ovary.; The testicles.
gone: (v) past participle of go; Alternative spelling of gon or gon': short for gonna, going to.(aj) Away, having left.; No longer existing, having passed.; Used up.; Dead.; Doomed, done for.; Not fully aware of one's surroundings, often through intoxication or mental decline.; Entirely given up to; infatuated with; used with on.; Excellent; wonderful.; Ago (used post-positionally).; Weak; faint; feeling a sense of goneness.; Of an arrow: wide of the mark.; Used to indicate the duration of a course of action or state of being, especially pregnancy; pregnant(p) Past, after, later than (a time).
goner: (n) Someone (or something) doomed; a hopeless case, especially someone who is bound to die soon.
gong: (n) A percussion instrument consisting of a metal disk that emits a sonorous sound when struck with a soft hammer.; A medal or award, particularly Knight Bachelor.(v) To make the sound of a gong; to ring a gong.; To send a signal to, using a gong or similar device.; To halt (originally, a contestant in a talent show; later, a performer, a speaker).; To send a signal to, using a gong or similar device.; To warn.; To give an award or medal to.(n) An outhouse: an outbuilding used as a lavatory.; The contents of an outhouse pit: shit.(n) A kind of cultivation energy, more powerful than qi.; An advanced practice that cultivates such energy.
Gong: (N) Wollongong.
gongs: (n) plural of gong(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gong
gonion: (n) An anthropometric landmark located at the most inferior, posterior, and lateral point on the external angle of the mandible.
gonna: (ab) Contraction of going to when followed by an infinitive verb: used to express a future action.
goo: (n) Any semi-solid or liquid substance; especially one that is sticky, gummy or slippery, unpleasant, and of vague or unknown composition, such as slime or semen.; Excessive, showy sentimentality.(v) To apply goo to something.(n) An example of baby talk.(v) To produce baby talk.
Goo: (N) A surname.
goober: (n) A peanut.; A Georgian or North Carolinian, particularly one from the pine forests of the Sandhills region.; A foolish, simple, or amusingly silly person.(v) To drool or dribble.; To drip or slather; to apply a gooey substance to a surface.
good: (aj) Acting in the interest of what is beneficial, ethical, or moral.; Competent or talented.; Able to be depended on for the discharge of obligations incurred; of unimpaired credit; used with for.; Well-behaved (especially of children or animals).; Satisfied or at ease; Of high rank or birth.; Useful for a particular purpose; functional.; Effective.; Real; actual; serious.; Healthful.; Pleasant; enjoyable.; Favourable.; Unblemished; honourable.; Beneficial; worthwhile.; Adequate; sufficient; not fallacious.; Very, extremely. See good and.; Holy (especially when capitalized) .; Reasonable in amount.; Large in amount or size.; Full; entire; at least as much as.(i) That is good; an elliptical exclamation of satisfaction or commendation.(av) Well; satisfactorily or thoroughly.(n) The forces or behaviours that are the enemy of evil. Usually consists of helping others and general benevolence.; A result that is positive in the view of the speaker.; The abstract instantiation of goodness; that which possesses desirable qualities, promotes success, welfare, or happiness, is serviceable, fit, excellent, kind, benevolent, etc.; An item of merchandise.(v) To thrive; fatten; prosper; improve.; To make good; turn to good; improve.; To make improvements or repairs.; To benefit; gain.; To do good to (someone); benefit; cause to improve or gain.; To satisfy; indulge; gratify.; To flatter; congratulate oneself; anticipate.(v) To furnish with dung; manure; fatten with manure; fertilise.
Good: (N) A surname.; An unincorporated community in West Virginia
goodier: (adj) plural of goody
goodiest: (adj) plural of goody
goodly: (aj) Good; pleasing in appearance; attractive; comely; graceful; pleasant; desirable.; Quite large; considerable; sufficient; adequate; more than enough.(av) In a goodly way; courteously, graciously.; Well; excellently.
goods: (n) plural of good(n) That which is produced, then traded, bought or sold, then finally consumed.; Something authentic, important, or revealing.; Freight, as opposed to passengers.; Short for goods train.
goody: (i) Used to indicate pleasure or delight.(n) A small amount of something good to eat.; Any small, usually free, item.; Pudding made by boiling bread in milk with sugar and spices.; Alternative form of goodie (“hero, good character in a story”); That which is good, the good part of something, which one desires to extract or use up.; An American fish, the lafayette or spot.(aj) Synonym of goody-goody (“mawkishly good; weakly benevolent or pious”)(n) Goodwife, a 17th-century puritan honorific for an adult woman.
Goody: (N) A surname, from Old English.(N) A unisex given name transferred from the surname, of rare usage
gooey: (aj) of or relating to goo; soft, sticky and viscous
goof: (n) A mistake or error.; An error made during production which finds its way into the final release.; A foolish and/or silly person; a goofball.; A child molester.(v) To make a mistake.; To engage in mischief.
goofy: (aj) silly, quirky(aj) Riding with the right foot forward.(n) One who rides with the right foot forward.
Goofy: (N) A Disney character: a slow-witted anthropomorphic dog with a goofy laugh.
googly: (n) A ball, bowled by a leg-break bowler, that spins from off to leg (to a right-handed batsman), unlike a normal leg-break delivery.(aj) Bulging.; Appearing to be amorous, flirtatious.
googol: (0) The number 10¹⁰⁰, or ten to the power of a hundred. Equivalent to ten duotrigintillion (short scale), or ten sedecilliard (long scale).
gook: (n) A person of Far Eastern or Oceanian descent, especially a Vietnamese, Filipino, Chinese, Japanese or Korean person.; A Vietnamese insurgent in the Vietnam War, particularly a member of the Viet Cong.; A foreigner, especially an enemy soldier in wartime.; A black insurgent in the Rhodesian Bush War.(n) Grime or mud.(n) A dull or hapless person.
goon: (n) A thug; a usually muscular henchman with little intelligence (also known as a 'hired goon').; A fool; someone considered silly, stupid, awkward, or outlandish.; An enforcer or fighter.; A German guard in a prisoner-of-war camp.; A member of the comedy web site Something Awful.(n) A wine flagon or cask.; Cheap or inferior cask wine.
Goon: (N) A surname.
goop: (n) A thick, slimy substance; goo.; A silly, stupid, or boorish person.(v) To apply a thick, slimy, or goo-like substance.; To stare; gawk.
goose: (n) Any of various grazing waterfowl of the family Anatidae, which have feathers and webbed feet and are capable of flying, swimming, and walking on land, and which are bigger than ducks.; A female goose (sense 1).; The flesh of the goose used as food.; A silly person.; A tailor's iron, heated in live coals or embers, used to press fabrics.; A young woman or girlfriend.; An old English board game in which players moved counters along a board, earning a double move when they reached the picture of a goose.(v) To sharply poke or pinch the buttocks of (a person).; To stimulate; to spur.; To gently accelerate (an automobile or machine), or give repeated small taps on the accelerator.; Of private-hire taxi drivers, to pick up a passenger who has not booked a cab. This is unauthorised under UK licensing conditions.; To hiss (a performer) off the stage.
goosy: (aj) Characteristic of a goose; anserine; foolish; silly(n) A goose.; A foolish person; a silly.
gopak: (n) Alternative form of hopak
gopher: (n) A small burrowing rodent native to North and Central America, especially in the family Geomyidae (true gophers).; The ground squirrel.; The gopher tortoise.; The gopher rockfish.(n) Alternative spelling of gofer
Gopher: (N) An Internet protocol for document search and retrieval.
gophered: (v) plural of gopher
gophering: (v) plural of gopher
goral: (n) A type of Asian ungulate ruminant, now defined as any of the four species of the genus Naemorhedus.
Goral: (n) A member of an ethnographic or ethnic group traditionally found in southern Poland, northern Slovakia, and the region of Cieszyn Silesia in the Czech Republic.(N) A surname, from Polish.
Gordon: (N) A village in Berwickshire, Scottish Borders council area, Scotland (OS grid ref NT6443).; A Scottish habitational surname, from Celtic languages for someone from Gordon, Berwickshire.; An English habitational surname, from Anglo-Norman for someone from Gourdon, France.; An Irish habitational surname, from Irish, an anglicization of de Górdún (“of Gordon (Berwickshire)”).; An Irish patronymic surname, from Irish, an adopted anglicization of Mag Mhuirneacháin (“son of Muirneachán”) (traditionally Magournahan).; A Jewish habitational surname probably for someone from Grodno, Belarus.; A male given name transferred from the surname.; A locale in Australia.; A suburb of Canberra; named for poet Adam Lindsay Gordon.; A locale in Australia.; A suburb of Sydney; probably named for British Army officer James Willoughby Gordon.; A locale in Australia.; A town in Victoria; named for early settler George Gordon.; A locale in the United States.; A city in Georgia; named for railroad official William Washington Gordon.; A locale in the United States.; A city in Nebraska; named for early settler John Gordon.; A locale in the United States.; A city in Texas.; A locale in the United States.; A town in Alabama.; A locale in the United States.; A town in Ashland County, Wisconsin; named for fur trader Antoine Guerdon.; A locale in the United States.; A town in Douglas County, Wisconsin.; A locale in the United States.; A borough of Pennsylvania; named for judge David F. Gordon.; A locale in the United States.; A village in Ohio; named for an early settler.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in California.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Illinois.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Kansas.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Kentucky.; A river in Tasmania, Australia.; A river in Western Australia, Australia; named for British statesman George Hamilton-Gordon, 4th Earl of Aberdeen.(n) A Gordon setter.
gore: (n) Blood, especially that from a wound when thickened due to exposure to the air.; Murder, bloodshed, violence.; Dirt; mud; filth.(v) To pierce with the horn.; To pierce with anything pointed, such as a spear.(n) A triangular piece of land where roads meet.; A small piece of land left unincorporated due to competing surveys or a surveying error.; The curved surface that lies between two close lines of longitude on a globe; A triangular or rhomboid piece of fabric, especially one forming part of a three-dimensional surface such as a sail, skirt, hot-air balloon, etc.ᵂᵖ; An elastic gusset for providing a snug fit in a shoe.; A projecting point.; One of the abatements, made of two curved lines, meeting in an acute angle in the fesse point.(v) To cut in a triangular form.; To provide with a gore.
Gore: (N) A surname.; A town in eastern Southland, New Zealand, situated on the Mataura River.; Gore Water, a minor tributary in Scotland which flows through Gorebridge to the River South Esk.
gored: (v) simple past tense and past participle of gore(aj) Having a gore or gores.
gorge: (n) The front aspect of the neck; the outside of the throat.; The inside of the throat; the esophagus, the gullet; (falconry, specifically) the crop or gizzard of a hawk.; Food that has been taken into the gullet or the stomach, particularly if it is regurgitated or vomited out.; A choking or filling of a channel or passage by an obstruction; the obstruction itself.; A concave moulding; a cavetto.; The rearward side of an outwork, a bastion, or a fort, often open, or not protected against artillery; a narrow entry passage into the outwork of an enclosed fortification.; A primitive device used instead of a hook to catch fish, consisting of an object that is easy to swallow but difficult to eject or loosen, such as a piece of bone or stone pointed at each end and attached in the middle to a line.; A deep, narrow passage with steep, rocky sides, particularly one with a stream running through it; a ravine.; The groove of a pulley.(v) To stuff the gorge or gullet with food; to eat greedily and in large quantities.; To swallow, especially with greediness, or in large mouthfuls or quantities.; To fill up to the throat; to glut, to satiate.; To fill up (an organ, a vein, etc.); to block up or obstruct; (US, specifically) of ice: to choke or fill a channel or passage, causing an obstruction.(n) An act of gorging.(aj) Gorgeous.
Gorge: (N) A male given name
gorged: (aj) With a stomach stuffed full of food.; With the neck collared or encircled by an object.; Having a gorge or throat.(v) simple past tense and past participle of gorge
gorgedly: (adv) plural of gorged
gorges: (n) plural of gorge(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gorge
gorget: (n) A piece of armour protecting the throat and/or the upper part of the chest.; A crescent-shaped ornamental metal plate suspended around the neck from the crescent's points by a length of chain or ribbon. It was used to indicate rank or authority and was worn as part of a full-dress military uniform by officers. It symbolically represented the neck-armor worn by officers in previous centuries.; A type of women's clothing covering the neck and breast; a wimple.; An ornament for the neck; a necklace, ornamental collar, torque etc.; A cutting instrument used in lithotomy.; A grooved instrument used in performing various operations; called also blunt gorget.; A crescent-shaped coloured patch on the neck of a bird or mammal.; A hake caught in a net set for other fish.
gorgon: (n) A vicious female monster from Greek mythology with sharp fangs and hair of living, venomous snakes. One of the three sisters: Medusa, Stheno and Euryale; An intimidating, ugly, or disgusting woman; anything hideous or horrid.(aj) Like a gorgon; very ugly or terrifying.
Gorgon: (N) Synonym of Demogorgon (“a pagan god or demon”)
goring: (v) present participle of gore(n) The act by which something is gored; a wound inflicted by a horn, usually the horn of a bull in the context of bullfighting; A piece of cloth cut diagonally to increase its apparent width.(aj) Cut gradually sloping, so as to be broader at the clew than at the earing of a sail.
Goring: (N) A village and civil parish (Goring-on-Thames) in South Oxfordshire district, Oxfordshire, on the river Thames (OS grid ref SU6080).; A habitational surname, from Old English.
Gorki: (N) Alternative spelling of Horki (a town in Belarus)
gorky: (aj) Awkward or strange.
Gorky: (N) Nizhny Novgorod, a city in Russia.; A Russian surname.; Alternative spelling of Gorki, Alternative spelling of Horki (a city in Belarus)
gorse: (n) Evergreen shrub, of the genus Ulex, having spiny leaves and yellow flowers.
gory: (aj) Covered with blood; very bloody.; Unpleasant.
Gory: (N) A surname.
gos: (n) plural of go
gosh: (i) A mild expression of surprise or enthusiasm.
Goshen: (N) The Land of Goshen.; A rural community in Guysborough County, Nova Scotia, Canada.; A small town in Pike County, Alabama, United States.; A small city in Washington County, Arkansas, United States.; A census-designated place in Tulare County, California, United States.; A town in Litchfield County, Connecticut, United States.; A city, the county seat of Elkhart County, Indiana, United States.; A small city in Oldham County, Kentucky, United States.; A town in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States.; An unincorporated community in Mercer County, Missouri, United States.; A town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States.; An unincorporated community in Cape May County, New Jersey, United States.; A town and village in New York, United States; the village is the county seat of Orange County.; A census-designated place in Clermont County, Ohio, United States.; An unincorporated community in Tuscarawas County, Ohio, United States.; An unincorporated community in Lane County, Oregon, United States.; A ghost town in Henderson County, Texas, United States.; An unincorporated community in Parker County, Texas, United States.; An unincorporated community in Walker County, Texas, United States.; A town in Utah County, Utah, United States.; A small town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.; A small town in Rockbridge County, Virginia, United States.; A ghost town and former logging and farming community in Whatcom County, Washington, United States.; An unincorporated community in Upshur County, West Virginia, United States.(n) A land of light and plenty.
gospel: (n) The first section of the Christian New Testament scripture, comprising the books of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John, concerned with the life, crucifixion, death, resurrection, and teachings of Jesus.; An account of the life, crucifixion, death, resurrection, and teachings of Jesus, generally written during the first several centuries of the Common Era.; The teaching of Divine grace as distinguished from the Law or Divine commandments.; A message expected to have positive reception or effect, one promoted as offering important (or even infallible) guiding principles.; That which is absolutely authoritative (definitive).; Gospel music.(v) To instruct in the gospel.
Gospel: (n) Alternative spelling of gospel; One of the first four books of the New Testament, Matthew, Mark, Luke or John.
gossip: (n) Someone who likes to talk about other people's private or personal business.; Idle talk about someone’s private or personal matters, especially someone not present.; Idle conversation in general.; A genre in contemporary media, usually focused on the personal affairs of celebrities.; A sponsor; a godfather or godmother; the godparent of a child.; A familiar acquaintance.; Title used with the name of one's child's godparent or of a friend.(v) To talk about someone else's private or personal business, especially in a manner that spreads the information.; To talk idly.; To stand godfather to; to provide godparents for.; To enjoy oneself during festivities, to make merry.
Gossip: (N) A surname.
got: (v) simple past tense of get; past participle of get; Expressing obligation; used with have.; Must; have/has (to).; Have.; Have, there is.
GOT: (n) Alternative form of GoT (“Game of Thrones”)(N) Alternative form of GoT (“Game of Thrones”)
goth: (n) A punk-derived subculture of people who predominantly dress in black, associated with mournful music and attitudes.; A style of punk rock influenced by glam rock; gothic rock.; A person who is part of the goth subculture.(aj) Relating to this music or these people.
Goth: (n) A member of the East Germanic people known for their invasion of the western Roman Empire and subsequent founding of successor states in Italy and Spain during Late Antiquity.; Uncivilized person, barbarian, vandal.; Alternative form of goth (member of gothic subculture).
Gotham: (N) A nickname for New York City.; A village and civil parish in Rushcliffe borough, Nottinghamshire, England, associated in folklore with insanity (OS grid ref SK5330).
gothic: (aj) Alternative letter-case form of Gothic
Gothic: (N) An extinct Germanic language, once spoken by the Goths.(aj) Of or relating to the Goths or their language.; Barbarous, rude, unpolished, belonging to the “Dark Ages”, medieval as opposed to classical.; Of or relating to the architectural style favored in Western Europe in the 12th to 16th centuries, with high-pointed arches, clustered columns, etc.; Of or relating to the style of fictional writing associated with the Gothic revival, emphasizing violent or macabre events in a mysterious, desolate setting.; Of the name of type formerly used to print, at last, German, also known as black letter.; Of a sans serif typeface using straight, even-width lines, also known as grotesque.; Of or relating to the goth subculture, music or lifestyle.(n) A novel written in the Gothic style.
gotta: (ab) Contraction of have got to (“have to; must”).; Contraction of got a.
gotten: (v) past participle of get(aj) obtained, acquired
gouda: (n) A type of semi-hard to hard cheese originating in Netherlands.
Gouda: (N) A city in South Holland, Netherlands.; A municipality of South Holland, Netherlands.(n) A yellow Dutch cheese made from cows' milk.
gouge: (n) Senses relating to cutting tools.; A chisel with a curved blade for cutting or scooping channels, grooves, or holes in wood, stone, etc.; Senses relating to cutting tools.; A bookbinder's tool with a curved face, used for blind tooling or gilding.; Senses relating to cutting tools.; An incising tool that cuts blanks or forms for envelopes, gloves, etc., from leather, paper, or other materials.; A cut or groove, as left by a gouge or something sharp.; An act of gouging.; A cheat, a fraud; an imposition.; An impostor.; Soft material lying between the wall of a vein and the solid vein of ore.; Information.(v) To make a groove, hole, or mark in by scooping with or as if with a gouge.; To cheat or impose upon; in particular, to charge an unfairly or unreasonably high price.; To dig or scoop (something) out with or as if with a gouge; in particular, to use a thumb to push or try to push the eye (of a person) out of its socket.; To use a gouge.
Gouge: (N) A surname.
gould: (aj) Obsolete form of gold.(n) Obsolete form of gold.
Gould: (N) A surname.
gourd: (n) Any of the trailing or climbing vines producing fruit with a hard rind or shell, from the genera Lagenaria and Cucurbita (in Cucurbitaceae).; A hard-shelled fruit from a plant in Lagenaria or Cucurbita.; The dried and hardened shell of such fruit, made into a drinking vessel, bowl, spoon, or other objects designed for use or decoration.; Any of the climbing or trailing plants from the family Cucurbitaceae, which includes watermelon, pumpkins, and cucumbers.; loaded dice.; Head.
gourde: (n) The currency of Haiti, divided into 100 centimes.
gourds: (n) plural of gourd
gout: (n) An extremely painful inflammation of joints, especially of the big toe, caused by a metabolic defect resulting in the accumulation of uric acid in the blood and the deposition of urates around the joints.; A spurt or splotch.; A disease of wheat and cornstalks, caused by insect larvae.(v) To spurt.(n) taste; relish
gouts: (n) plural of gout(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gout
goutte: (n) A charge in the form of a teardrop shape, originally with wavy sides, but now often with straight sides.
gouty: (aj) Suffering from gout.
govern: (v) To make and administer the public policy and affairs of; to exercise sovereign authority in.; To control the actions or behavior of; to keep under control; to restrain.; To exercise a deciding or determining influence on.; To handle, to manage, to oversee (a matter, an affair, a household, etc.).; To control the speed, flow etc. of; to regulate.; To direct the course of, to guide in some direction, to steer.; To look after, to take care of, to tend to (someone or some plant).; To manage, to control, to work (a tool or mechanical device).; To exercise political authority; to run a government.; To have or exercise a determining influence.; To require that a certain preposition, grammatical case, etc. be used with a word; sometimes used synonymously with collocate.(n) The act of governing
gowan: (n) The common daisy.; Decomposed granite.
Gowan: (N) A surname, from Scottish Gaelic.
Gower: (N) A surname.; A peninsula in southern Wales.
gowk: (n) A cuckoo.; A fool.(v) To make foolish; to stupefy.
gown: (n) A loose, flowing upper garment.; A woman's ordinary outer dress, such as a calico or silk gown.; The official robe of certain professionals, clerics, and scholars, such as university students and officers, barristers, judges, etc.; The dress of civil officers, as opposed to military officers.; The university community, especially as contrasted with the local populace.; A loose wrapper worn by gentlemen within doors; a dressing gown.; Any sort of dress or garb.; The robe worn by a surgeon.(v) To dress in a gown, to don or garb with a gown.
gowned: (v) simple past tense and past participle of gown
gowns: (n) plural of gown(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gown
goy: (n) A non-Jew, a gentile. (See usage notes)
Goy: (n) Alternative letter-case form of goy
goya: (n) bitter melon (edible fruit, especially as it is eaten by Okinawans)
Goya: (N) A surname.; Francisco Goya, a Spanish painter
grab: (v) To grip suddenly; to seize; to clutch.; To make a sudden grasping or clutching motion (at something).; To restrain someone; to arrest.; To grip the attention of; to enthrall or interest.; To quickly collect or retrieve.; To consume something quickly.; To take the opportunity of.(n) A sudden snatch at something.; An acquisition by violent or unjust means.; A mechanical device that grabs or clutches.; A device for withdrawing drills, etc., from artesian and other wells that are drilled, bored, or driven.; A sound bite.; That which is seized.; A simple card game.(n) A two- or three-masted vessel used on the Malabar coast.
Grab: (N) A Singaporean company which provides taxi rides and food deliveries, and provides a system of electronic payments.; The electronic mobile app of the same name that provides these services.(n) A taxi ride booked through the Grab app.
graben: (n) An elongated block of the Earth's crust, bounded by faults, that has dropped relative to the surrounding area.
Graben: (N) A municipality in Bern canton, Switzerland.
grabs: (n) plural of grab(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of grab
grace: (n) Charming, pleasing qualities.; A short prayer of thanks before or after a meal.; In the games of patience or solitaire: a special move that is normally against the rules.; A grace note.; Elegant movement; balance or poise.; An allowance of time granted to a debtor during which he or she is free of at least part of his normal obligations towards the creditor.; Free and undeserved favour, especially of God; unmerited divine assistance given to humans for their regeneration or sanctification, or for resisting sin.; An act or decree of the governing body of an English university.(v) To adorn; to decorate; to embellish and dignify.; To dignify or raise by an act of favour; to honour.; To supply with heavenly grace.; To add grace notes, cadenzas, etc., to.
Grace: (N) A female given name from English.; A surname.; A placename; A city in Idaho, United States.; A placename; An unincorporated community in Kentucky, United States.; A placename; An unincorporated community in Mississippi, United States.
graced: (v) simple past tense and past participle of grace
graces: (n) plural of grace(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of grace
Graces: (N) Three sister goddesses in Greek mythology (Euphrosyne, Aglaia, and Thalia), in whom beauty was deified.(N) plural of Grace
grad: (n) Alternative letter-case form of Grad
Grad: (n) A type of Soviet artillery multiple rocket launcher, or a rocket fired by this.
grade: (n) A rating.; Performance on a test or other evaluation(s), expressed by a number, letter, or other symbol; a score.; A degree or level of something; a position within a scale; a degree of quality.; Degree (any of the three stages (positive, comparative, superlative) in the comparison of an adjective or an adverb).; A slope (up or down) of a roadway or other passage; A level of primary and secondary education.; A student of a particular grade (used with the grade level).; An area that has been flattened by a grader (construction machine).; The level of the ground.; A gradian.; In a linear system of divisors on an n-dimensional variety, the number of free intersection points of n generic divisors.; A harsh scraping or cutting; a grating.; A taxon united by a level of morphological or physiological complexity that is not a clade.; The degree of malignity of a tumor expressed on a scale.; An eyeglass prescription.(v) To assign scores to the components of an academic test, or to overall academic performance.; To organize in grades.; To flatten, level, or smooth a large surface, especially with a grader.; To remove or trim part of a seam allowance from a finished seam so as to reduce bulk and make the finished piece more even when turned right side out.; To apply classifying labels to data (typically by a manual rather than automatic process).; To describe, modify or inflect so as to classify as to degree.; To pass imperceptibly from one grade into another.; To pass from one school grade into the next.
graded: (v) simple past tense and past participle of grade(aj) Having been smoothed by a grader.; Forming a series decreasing or increasing in intensity of a given quality.
grader: (n) A machine used in road maintenance and construction for leveling large surfaces.; A machine used to sort food by size or quality.; One who grades, or that by means of which grading is done or facilitated.; One who belongs to a certain grade at school.
Grader: (N) A surname.
grades: (n) plural of grade(n) Grammar school, primary school, or the years of school prior to high school.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of grade
gradin: (n) Any of a series of terraced steps or seats, as in an arena or an altar.
gradus: (n) A handbook used as an aid in a difficult art or practice, specifically, a dictionary of Greek or Latin prosody used as a guide in writing of poetry in Greek or Latin.
Graeae: (N) Three sisters, old women with grey hair — Deino (or Dino), Enyo, and Pemphredo (or Pephredo) — who shared a single eye and a single tooth. They were daughters of the sea-deities Phorcys and Ceto.
graf: (n) A German or Austrian count.(n) A paragraph.(n) Short for graffiti.; Alternative spelling of graff
Graf: (N) A surname.; A surname, from German.; A surname.; A surname, from Dutch.; A city in Iowa, United States
graft: (n) A small shoot or scion of a tree inserted in another tree, the stock of which is to support and nourish it. The two unite and become one tree, but the graft determines the kind of fruit.; A branch or portion of a tree growing from such a shoot.; A portion of living tissue used in the operation of autoplasty.(v) To insert (a graft) in a branch or stem of another tree; to propagate by insertion in another stock; also, to insert a graft upon.; To insert scions (grafts) from one tree, or kind of tree, etc., into another; to practice grafting.; To implant a portion of (living flesh or akin) in a lesion so as to form an organic union.; To join (one thing) to another as if by grafting, so as to bring about a close union.; To cover, as a ring bolt, block strap, splicing, etc., with a weaving of small cord or rope yarns.; To form a graft polymer(n) A ditch, a canal.; The depth of the blade of a digging tool such as a spade or shovel.; A narrow spade used in digging drainage trenches.(n) Corruption in official life.; Illicit profit by corrupt means, especially in public life.; A criminal’s special branch of practice.; A con job.; A cut of the take (money).; A bribe, especially on an ongoing basis.; Work; labor requiring effort.; A job or trade.(v) To work hard.; To obtain illegal gain from bribery or similar corrupt practices.
Graft: (N) A surname.
graham: (n) Flour made by grinding wheat berries including the bran.; A graham cracker.
Graham: (N) A Scottish surname, from Old English and clan name.; A male given name transferred from the surname.; A number of places in the United States:; A census-designated place in Alabama.; A number of places in the United States:; A city in Appling County, Georgia.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Washington Township, Daviess County, Indiana.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Fountain County, Indiana.; A number of places in the United States:; A census-designated place in Kentucky.; A number of places in the United States:; A city in Missouri.; A number of places in the United States:; A city, the county seat of Alamance County, North Carolina.; A number of places in the United States:; A city, the county seat of Young County, Texas.; A number of places in the United States:; A census-designated place in Washington.
grail: (n) The Holy Grail.; Something eagerly sought or quested for.(n) A book of offices in the Roman Catholic Church; a gradual.(n) Small particles of earth; gravel.(n) One of the small feathers of a hawk.
grain: (n) The harvested seeds of various grass food crops eg: wheat, corn, barley.; Similar seeds from any food crop, e.g., buckwheat, amaranth, quinoa.; A single seed of grass food crops.; The crops from which grain is harvested.; A linear texture of a material or surface.; A single particle of a substance.; A very small unit of weight, in England equal to ¹⁄₄₈₀ of an ounce troy, 0.0648 grams or, to be more exact, 64.79891 milligrams (0.002285714 avoirdupois ounce). A carat grain or pearl grain is ¹⁄₄ carat or 50 milligrams. The old French grain was ¹⁄₉₂₁₆ livre or 53.11 milligrams, and in the mesures usuelles permitted from 1812 to 1839, with the livre redefined as 500 grams, it was 54.25 milligrams.; A former unit of gold purity, also known as carat grain, equal to ¹⁄₄ "carat" (karat).; A region within a material having a single crystal structure or direction.; The solid piece of fuel in an individual solid-fuel rocket engine.; A reddish dye made from the coccus insect, or kermes; hence, a red color of any tint or hue, as crimson, scarlet, etc.; sometimes used by the poets as equivalent to Tyrian purple.; The hair side of a piece of leather, or the marking on that side.; The remains of grain, etc., after brewing or distillation; hence, any residuum. Also called draff.; A rounded prominence on the back of a sepal, as in the common dock.; Temper; natural disposition; inclination.; Visual texture in processed photographic film due to the presence of small particles of a metallic silver, or dye clouds, developed from silver halide that have received enough photons.(v) To feed grain to.; To make granular; to form into grains.; To form grains, or to assume a granular form, as the result of crystallization; to granulate.; To texture a surface in imitation of the grain of a substance such as wood.; To remove the hair or fat from a skin.; To soften leather.; To yield fruit.(n) A branch of a tree; a stalk or stem of a plant.; A tine, prong, or fork.; One of the branches of a valley or river.; A tine, prong, or fork.; An iron fish spear or harpoon, with a number of points half-barbed inwardly.; A tine, prong, or fork.; A blade of a sword, knife, etc.; A thin piece of metal, used in a mould to steady a core.
Grain: (N) A village on the Isle of Grain, Medway borough, Kent, England (OS grid ref TQ8876).
grains: (n) Pigeons' dung used in tanning. See grainer.(n) plural of grain(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of grain
grainy: (aj) Resembling grains; granular.; Coarsely ground or gritty.
gram: (n) A unit of mass equal to one-thousandth of a kilogram. Symbol: g.(n) A leguminous plant grown for its seeds, especially the chickpea.; The seeds of these plants.(n) Grandmother.(n) Misspelling of graham.(n) Alternative form of 'gram
Gram: (N) A surname.; A town in Denmark; A male given name Alternative form of Graham(n) Clipping of Instagram.
gramme: (n) Dated spelling of gram. (unit of mass)
gramps: (n) Grandpa, grandfather.; Old man.
grams: (n) plural of gram(n) grandmother
gran: (n) A grandmother.; A grandfather.
Gran: (N) A surname.
grand: (aj) Large, senior (high-ranking), intense, extreme, or exceptional; Of a large size or extent; great.; Large, senior (high-ranking), intense, extreme, or exceptional; Great in size, and fine or imposing in appearance or impression; illustrious, dignified, magnificent.; Large, senior (high-ranking), intense, extreme, or exceptional; Having higher rank or more dignity, size, or importance than other persons or things of the same name.; Standing in the second or some more remote degree of parentage or descent (see grand-).; Fine; lovely.; Containing all the parts proper to a given form of composition.(n) A thousand of some unit of currency, such as dollars or pounds. (Compare G.); A grand piano(n) A grandparent or grandchild.
Grand: (N) A placename; A commune in Vosges department, Grand Est, France.; A placename; A ghost town (historic place) in Ellis County, Oklahoma, United States.; A surname.
grande: (aj) Of a cup of coffee: smaller than venti but larger than tall, usually 16 ounces (~ 455 ml).(aj) Alternative form of grand
Grande: (N) A surname, from Romance languages.
grands: (n) plural of grand
grange: (n) A granary.; A farm, with its associated buildings; a farmhouse or manor.; A lodge of the Patrons of Husbandry, a fraternal organization.
Grange: (N) The National Grange of the Patrons of Husbandry, an association of farmers organized in 1867 which sponsors social activities, community service, and political lobbying.; A state branch or branch lodge of the National Grange.; A place name, including:; A beachside suburb of Adelaide, South Australia.; A place name, including:; A suburb of Brisbane, Queensland.; A place name, including:; A suburb of West Kirby, Metropolitan Borough of Wirral, Merseyside, England (OS grid ref SK2286).; A place name, including:; A village in County Sligo, Ireland.; A place name, including:; A village in County Tipperary, Ireland.; A place name, including:; A village in County Waterford, Ireland.; A place name, including:; A village in Perth and Kinross council area, Scotland (OS grid ref NO2725).; A surname.
granny: (n) A grandmother.; An elderly woman.; A granny knot.; An older ewe that may lure a lamb away from its mother.(aj) typically or stereotypically old-fashioned, especially in clothing and accessories worn by or associated with elderly women.(v) To be a grandmother.; To act like a stereotypical grandmother; to fuss.(n) A grand final.
Granny: (N) one's grandmother
grant: (v) to give (permission or wish); To bestow or confer, with or without compensation, particularly in answer to prayer or request; to give.; To agree with (someone) on (something); to accept (something) for the sake of argument; to admit to (someone) that (something) is true.; To assent; to consent.(n) The act of granting; a bestowing or conferring; concession; allowance; permission.; The yielding or admission of something in dispute.; The thing or property granted; a gift; a boon.; A transfer of property by deed or writing; especially, an appropriation or conveyance made by the government.; The deed or writing by which such a transfer is made.; An application for a grant (monetary boon to aid research or the like).
Grant: (N) An English surname, from nicknames and a Scottish clan name, from a nickname meaning "large".; A male given name transferred from the surname.; A town in Marshall County, Alabama, United States.; An unincorporated community in Inyo County, California, United States.; An unincorporated community in Park County, Colorado, United States.; A small city in Montgomery County, Iowa, United States.; A small city in Newaygo County, Michigan, United States.; A city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.; A small city, the county seat of Perkins County, Nebraska, United States.; An unincorporated community in Hardin County, Ohio, United States.; An unincorporated community in Mason County, Washington, United States.; A town in Clark County, Wisconsin, United States.; A town in Dunn County, Wisconsin, United States.; A town in Monroe County, Wisconsin, United States.; A town in Portage County, Wisconsin, United States.; A town in Rusk County, Wisconsin, United States.; A town in Shawano County, Wisconsin, United States.; A village in Tolmin, Slovenia
grants: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of grant(n) plural of grant
Grants: (N) plural of Grant(N) A city, the county seat of Cibola County, New Mexico, United States.
grape: (n) A small, round, smooth-skinned edible fruit, usually purple, red, or green, that grows in bunches on vines of genus Vitis.; A woody vine that bears clusters of grapes; a grapevine; of genus Vitis.; A dark purplish-red colour, the colour of many grapes.; grapeshot.; A mangy tumour on a horse's leg.; A purple-shirted technician responsible for refueling aircraft.; A person's head.(aj) Containing grapes or having a grape flavor.; Of a dark purplish red colour.(v) To pick grapes.; To develop tubercules as a result of tuberculosis.; To develop a texture with small grape-like clusters of a contaminant or foreign substance.; To grope.; To envy (derived from "sour grapes" idiom).
grapes: (n) plural of grape(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of grape
Grapes: (N) A surname.
graph: (n) A data chart (graphical representation of data) intended to illustrate the relationship between a set (or sets) of numbers (quantities, measurements or indicative numbers) and a reference set, whose elements are indexed to those of the former set(s) and may or may not be numbers.; A set of points constituting a graphical representation of a real function; (formally) a set of tuples (x_1,x_2,…,x_m,y)∈ R ᵐ⁺¹, where y=f(x_1,x_2,…,x_m) for a given function f: R ᵐ→ R . See also Graph of a function on Wikipedia.Wikipedia; A set of vertices (or nodes) connected together by edges; (formally) an ordered pair of sets (V,E), where the elements of V are called vertices or nodes and E is a set of pairs (called edges) of elements of V. See also Graph (discrete mathematics) on Wikipedia.Wikipedia; A topological space which represents some graph (ordered pair of sets) and which is constructed by representing the vertices as points and the edges as copies of the real interval [0,1] (where, for any given edge, 0 and 1 are identified with the points representing the two vertices) and equipping the result with a particular topology called the graph topology.; A morphism 𝛤_f from the domain of f to the product of the domain and codomain of f, such that the first projection applied to 𝛤_f equals the identity of the domain, and the second projection applied to 𝛤_f is equal to f.; A graphical unit on the token-level, the abstracted fundamental shape of a character or letter as distinct from its ductus (realization in a particular typeface or handwriting on the instance-level) and as distinct by a grapheme on the type-level by not fundamentally distinguishing meaning.(v) To draw a graph.; To draw a graph of a function.
grappa: (n) An Italian grape-based spirit of between 80 and 100 proof, made from the distillation of pomace.; A variety or serving of grappa.
grasp: (v) To grip; to take hold, particularly with the hand.; To understand.; To take advantage of something, to seize, to jump at a chance.(n) Grip.; Understanding.; That which is accessible; that which is within one's reach or ability.
grasps: (n) plural of grasp(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of grasp
grass: (n) Any plant of the family Poaceae, characterized by leaves that arise from nodes in the stem and leaf bases that wrap around the stem, especially those grown as ground cover rather than for grain.; Various plants not in family Poaceae that resemble grasses.; A lawn.; Marijuana.; An informer, police informer; one who betrays a group (of criminals, etc) to the authorities.; Sharp, closely spaced discontinuities in the trace of a cathode-ray tube, produced by random interference.; Noise on an A-scope or similar type of radar display.; The season of fresh grass; spring or summer.; That which is transitory.; Asparagus; "sparrowgrass".; The surface of a mine.(v) To lay out on the grass; to knock down (an opponent etc.).; To act as a grass or informer, to betray; to report on (criminals etc) to the authorities.; To cover with grass or with turf.; To feed with grass.; To expose, as flax, on the grass for bleaching, etc.; To bring to the grass or ground; to land.
Grass: (N) A group of languages spoken in Papua New Guinea.(N) A surname.
grassy: (aj) Covered with grass.; Resembling grass.
graste: (v) plural of grace
grate: (n) A horizontal metal grill through which water, ash, or small objects can fall, while larger objects cannot.; A frame or bed, or kind of basket, of iron bars, for holding fuel while burning.(v) To furnish with grates; to protect with a grating or crossbars.(v) To shred (things, usually foodstuffs), by rubbing across a grater.; To make an unpleasant rasping sound, often as the result of rubbing against something.; To get on one's nerves; to irritate, annoy.; To annoy.(aj) Serving to gratify; agreeable.(aj) Obsolete spelling of great
grated: (aj) Produced by grating.; Furnished with a grate or grating.(v) simple past tense and past participle of grate
grater: (n) a tool with which one grates, especially foods such as cheese, to facilitate getting small particles or shreds off a solid lump
grates: (n) plural of grate(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of grate
gratin: (n) The top crust of a dish, consisting of breadcrumbs or grated cheese heated under a grill; the dish itself.
gratis: (aj) Free, without charge.(av) Free, without charge.
grave: (n) An excavation in the earth as a place of burial; Any place of interment; a tomb; a sepulcher.; Death, destruction.; Deceased people; the dead.(v) To dig.; To carve or cut, as letters or figures, on some hard substance; to engrave.; To carve out or give shape to, by cutting with a chisel; to sculpture.; To impress deeply (on the mind); to fix indelibly.; To entomb; to bury.; To write or delineate on hard substances, by means of incised lines; to practice engraving.(aj) Characterised by a dignified sense of seriousness; not cheerful.; Low in pitch, tone etc.; Serious, in a negative sense; important, formidable.; Dull, produced in the middle or back of the mouth. (See Grave and acute on Wikipedia.Wikipedia); Influential, important; authoritative.(n) A written accent used in French, Italian, and other languages. è is an e with a grave accent (`).(n) A count, prefect, or person holding office.(v) To clean, as a vessel's bottom, of barnacles, grass, etc., and pay it over with pitch — so called because graves or greaves was formerly used for this purpose.
Grave: (N) A surname.
graved: (v) simple past tense of grave
gravel: (n) Small fragments of rock, used for laying on the beds of roads and railways, and as ballast.; A type or grade of small rocks, differentiated by mineral type, size range, or other characteristics.; A particle from 2 to 64 mm in diameter, following the Wentworth scale.; Kidney stones; a deposit of small calculous concretions in the kidneys and the urinary or gall bladder; also, the disease of which they are a symptom.; A lameness in the foot of a horse, usually caused by an abscess.; Inability to see at night; night blindness.(v) To apply a layer of gravel to the surface of a road, etc.; To puzzle or annoy.; To run (as a ship) upon the gravel or beach; to run aground; to cause to stick fast in gravel or sand.; To check or stop; to embarrass; to perplex.; To hurt or lame (a horse) by gravel lodged between the shoe and foot.
Gravel: (N) A surname.
graven: (v) past participle of grave(aj) carved, engraved; Something fashioned by man, or something man-made. Anything made by man's hands.; Something that is not alive, but made dead, from the grave.(v) To make graven or engraved(v) To make or become grave (serious or sombre)
Graven: (N) A surname.
graver: (n) a burin; a carver, sculptor, or engraver(aj) comparative form of grave: more grave
Graver: (N) A surname.
graves: (n) plural of grave(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of grave(n) The sediment of melted tallow; greaves.
Graves: (N) A region close to Bordeaux in south-western France.; The dry white wine produced in this region.; An English surname, from Middle English derived from Grave.; An unincorporated community in Terrell County, Georgia, United States, derived from the surname.
gravid: (aj) pregnant (now used chiefly of egglaying animals, or metaphorically)
gravy: (n) A thick sauce made from the fat or juices that come out from meat or vegetables as they are being cooked.; A dark savoury sauce prepared from stock and usually meat juices; brown gravy.; A thick sauce made from the fat or juices that come out from meat or vegetables as they are being cooked.; A pale sauce prepared from a roux with meat fat; a type of béchamel sauce.; Sauce used for pasta.; Curry sauce.; Unearned gain.; Extra benefit.
gray: (aj) Having a color somewhere between white and black, as the ash of an ember.; Dreary, gloomy.; Having an indistinct, disputed or uncertain quality.; Gray-haired.; Old.; Relating to older people.(v) To become gray.; To cause to become gray.; To turn progressively older, alluding to graying of hair through aging (used in context of the population of a geographic region); To give a soft effect to (a photograph) by covering the negative while printing with a ground-glass plate.(n) An achromatic colour intermediate between black and white.; An animal or thing of grey colour, such as a horse, badger, or salmon.; an extraterrestrial humanoid with grayish skin, bulbous black eyes, and an enlarged head.; A penny with a tail on both sides, used for cheating.(n) In the International System of Units, the derived unit of absorbed dose of radiation (radiation absorbed by a patient); one joule of energy absorbed per kilogram of the patient's mass. Symbol: Gy
Gray: (N) A surname, from nicknames; originally a nickname for someone with a gray beard or hair.; A male given name.; A number of places in the United States:; A city, the county seat of Jones County, Georgia.; A number of places in the United States:; A minor city in Audubon County, Iowa.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Knox County, Kentucky.; A number of places in the United States:; A census-designated place in Terrebonne Parish, Louisiana.; A number of places in the United States:; A town and census-designated place therein, in Cumberland County, Maine.; A number of places in the United States:; A census-designated place in Washington County, Tennessee.; A rural locality in north-east Tasmania, Australia.
grays: (n) plural of gray(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gray
Grays: (N) A town in Essex, England, on the north side of the River Thames. Also known as Grays Thurrock.
Graz: (N) The capital of and largest city in the state of Styria, Austria, and the second-largest city in the country.
graze: (n) The act of grazing; a scratching or injuring lightly on passing.; A light abrasion; a slight scratch.; The act of animals feeding from pasture.(v) To feed or supply (cattle, sheep, etc.) with grass; to furnish pasture for.; To feed on; to eat (growing herbage); to eat grass from (a pasture); To tend (cattle, etc.) while grazing.; To eat periodically throughout the day, rather than at fixed mealtimes.; To shoplift by consuming food or drink items before reaching the checkout.; To rub or touch lightly the surface of (a thing) in passing.; To cause a slight wound to; to scratch.; To yield grass for grazing.
grazed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of graze
grease: (n) Animal fat in a melted or soft state.; Any oily or fatty matter.; Shorn but not yet cleansed wool.; Inflammation of a horse's heels, also known as scratches or pastern dermatitis.; bribe money.(v) To put grease or fat on something, especially in order to lubricate.; To bribe.; To cause to go easily; to facilitate.; To perform a landing extraordinarily smoothly.; To kill, murder.; To cheat or cozen; to overreach.; To affect (a horse) with grease, the disease.
greasies: (n) plural of greasy
greasy: (aj) Having a slippery surface; having a surface covered with grease.; Containing a lot of grease or fat.; shady, sketchy, dodgy, detestable, unethical.; fat, bulky; gross; indelicate; indecent; Afflicted with the disease called grease.
great: (aj) Large, senior (high-ranking), intense, extreme, or exceptional; Relatively large in scale, size, extent, number (i.e. having many parts or members) or duration (i.e. relatively long); very big.; Large, senior (high-ranking), intense, extreme, or exceptional; Title referring to an important leader.; Large, senior (high-ranking), intense, extreme, or exceptional; Of larger size or more importance than others of its kind.; Large, senior (high-ranking), intense, extreme, or exceptional; Very good; excellent; wonderful; fantastic.; Large, senior (high-ranking), intense, extreme, or exceptional; Intensifying a word or expression, used in mild oaths.; Involving more generations than the qualified word implies — as many extra generations as repetitions of the word great (from 1510s).; Pregnant; large with young; full of.; Intimate; familiar.; Extreme or more than usual.; Of significant importance or consequence; important.; Arising from or possessing idealism; admirable; superior; commanding; heroic; illustrious; eminent.; Impressive or striking.; Much in use; favoured.; Endowed with extraordinary powers; of exceptional talents or achievements; uncommonly gifted; able to accomplish vast results; remarkable; strong; powerful; mighty; noble.; Doing or exemplifying (a characteristic or pursuit) on a large scale; active or enthusiastic.; Skilful or adroit.(i) Expression of gladness and content about something.; sarcastic inversion thereof.(n) A person of major significance, accomplishment or acclaim.; The main division in a pipe organ, usually the loudest division.; An instance of the word "great" signifying an additional generation in phrases expressing family relationships.(av) Very well (in a very satisfactory manner).
greave: (n) A bush; a tree; a grove.; A bough; a branch.(n) A ditch or trench.(n) A piece of armour that protects the leg, especially the shin, and occasionally the tops of the feet.(v) To clean (a ship's bottom); to grave.
grebe: (n) Any of several waterbirds in the cosmopolitan family Podicipedidae. They have strong, sharp bills, and lobate toes.
Grebe: (N) A surname.
gree: (n) One of a flight of steps.; A stage in a process; a degree of rank or station.; Pre-eminence; victory or superiority in combat (hence also, the prize for winning a combat).; A degree.(n) Pre-eminence; victory or superiority in combat (hence also, the prize for winning a combat).(n) Pleasure, goodwill, satisfaction.(v) To agree.
greece: (n) plural of gree
Greece: (N) A country in southeastern Europe, having borders with Albania, North Macedonia, Bulgaria, and Turkey. Official name: Hellenic Republic
greeces: (n) plural of greece
greed: (n) A selfish or excessive desire for more than is needed or deserved, especially of money, wealth, food, or other possessions.(v) To desire in a greedy manner, or to act on such a desire.
greedy: (aj) Having greed; consumed by selfish desires.; Prone to overeat.; Tending to match as much text as possible.; That tries to find the global optimum by finding the local optimum at each stage.; Greedily sought or pursued.
greeing: (v) plural of gree
greek: (n) Alternative letter-case form of Greek (“nonsense writing or talk; gibberish”).; Alternative letter-case form of Greek (“anal sex”).(v) To display a placeholder (instead of text), especially to optimize speed in displaying text that would be too small to read.; To fill a template with nonsense text (particularly the Lorem ipsum), so that form can be focused on instead of content.
Greek: (aj) Of or relating to Greece, its people, its language, its food, or (religion) its traditional form of Christianity.; Synonym of incomprehensible, used for foreign speech or text, technical jargon, or advanced subjects.; Of or relating to collegiate fraternities, sororities, and/or (uncommon) honor societies.(N) The language spoken by people of Greece, particularly (depending on context) Ancient Greek or Modern Greek.; The written form of these languages.; A surname.(n) A person from Greece or of Greek descent.; Greek cuisine, traditional or representative Greek food.; Synonym of gibberish, used for foreign speech or text, technical jargon, or advanced subjects.; Synonym of lorem ipsum, dummy placeholder text used in greeking.; A member of a collegiate fraternity or sorority.; A cunning rogue.; A merry fellow.; Anal sex.; One of the Greeks, measures of derivative price sensitivity.(v) To cheat at cards.; Alternative letter-case form of greek.
green: (aj) Having green as its color.; Sickly, unwell.; Unripe, said of certain fruits that change color when they ripen.; Inexperienced.; Naive or unaware of obvious facts.; Overcome with envy.; Environmentally friendly.; Describing a pitch which, even if there is no visible grass, still contains a significant amount of moisture.; Of bacon or similar smallgoods: unprocessed, raw, unsmoked; not smoked or spiced.; Not fully roasted; half raw.; Of film: freshly processed by the laboratory and not yet fully physically hardened.; Of freshly cut wood or lumber that has not been dried: containing moisture and therefore relatively more flexible or springy.; High or too high in acidity.; Full of life and vigour; fresh and vigorous; new; recent.; Having a sexual connotation.; Having a color charge of green.; Being or relating to the green currencies of the European Union.(n) The colour of growing foliage, as well as other plant cells containing chlorophyll; the colour between yellow and blue in the visible spectrum; one of the primary additive colour for transmitted light; the colour obtained by subtracting red and blue from white light using cyan and yellow filters.; A member of a green party; an environmentalist.; A putting green, the part of a golf course near the hole.; The surface upon which bowls is played.; One of the colour balls used in snooker, with a value of 3 points.; a public patch of land in the middle of a settlement.; A grassy plain; a piece of ground covered with verdant herbage.; Fresh leaves or branches of trees or other plants; wreaths.; Any substance or pigment of a green colour.; A green light used as a signal.; Marijuana.; Money.; One of the three color charges for quarks.(v) To make (something) green, to turn (something) green.; To become or grow green in colour.; To add greenspaces to (a town, etc.).; To become environmentally aware.; To make (something) environmentally friendly.
Green: (N) A common English surname, from Middle English.; A census-designated place in Douglas County, Oregon, United States.; Ellipsis of Green College, Oxford.(aj) Of, or pertaining, to a Green Party or green party.(n) A member of a Green Party or green party.
greene: (aj) Obsolete spelling of green
Greene: (N) A surname, from Middle English, a variant of Green.
greens: (n) Leaves and leaf-like parts of edible plants when eaten as vegetables or in salads.; Green vegetables; edible plants or plant parts that contain chlorophyll.; Leafy plants that are used for decoration.; The green uniform of the United States Marine Corps.(n) plural of green(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of green
Greens: (n) plural of Green(N) plural of Green
greet: (v) To welcome in a friendly manner, either in person or through another means such as writing.; To arrive at or reach, or meet.; To accost; to address.; To meet and give salutations.; To be perceived by (somebody).(aj) Great.(v) To weep; to cry.(n) Mourning, weeping, lamentation.
Greet: (N) A surname.; A village in Winchcombe parish, Tewkesbury borough, Gloucestershire, England (OS grid ref SP0229).; A hamlet in Swale borough, Kent, England (OS grid ref TQ9255); A suburb in the City of Birmingham, West Midlands, England (OS grid ref SP1084).; A minor river in Nottinghamshire, England, which joins the River Trent at Fiskerton (Notts.).
greets: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of greet(n) Greetings sent to other demosceners, often included in the scrolltext of a demo.
greige: (aj) Unfinished; not fully processed; neither bleached nor dyed.(n) A colour between grey and beige, closely akin to taupe.(aj) Of a colour between grey and beige.
grew: (v) simple past tense of grow; past participle of grow(v) Alternative form of grue (“shudder with fear”)
grewed: (v) plural of grew
grewing: (v) plural of grew
grews: (v) plural of grew
grey: (aj) UK and Commonwealth of Nations standard spelling of gray.; Synonym of coloured (pertaining to the mixed race of black and white).(v) UK and Commonwealth of Nations standard spelling of gray.(n) UK and Commonwealth of Nations standard spelling of gray.
Grey: (N) A surname, from nicknames, alternative spelling of Gray; A river, the Grey River, on the West Coast of the South Island of New Zealand.; An English earldom.(n) A member of the Royal Scots Greys, a cavalry regiment of the British Army from 1707 to 1971.
greys: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of grey(n) plural of grey(n) Grey trousers and/or jackets worn by prisoners on relatively formal occasions.
Greys: (n) plural of Grey
grid: (n) A rectangular array of squares or rectangles of equal size, such as in a crossword puzzle.; A tiling of the plane with regular polygons; a honeycomb.; A system for delivery of electricity, consisting of various substations, transformers and generators, connected by wire.; A system or structure of distributed computers working mostly on a peer-to-peer basis, used mainly to solve single and complex scientific or technical problems or to process data at high speeds (as in clusters).; A method of marking off maps into areas.; The pattern of starting positions of the drivers for a race.; The third (or higher) electrode of a vacuum tube (triode or higher).; A battery-plate somewhat like a grating, especially a zinc plate in a primary battery, or a lead plate in a secondary or storage battery.; A grating of parallel bars; a gridiron.(v) To mark with a grid.; To assign a reference grid to.
gride: (v) To pierce (something) with a weapon; to wound, to stab.; To travel through something, of a weapon or sharp object.; To produce a grinding or scraping sound.(n) A harsh grating sound.
grief: (n) Suffering, hardship.; Emotional pain, generally arising from misfortune, significant personal loss, bereavement, misconduct of oneself or others, etc.; sorrow; sadness.; Cause or instance of sorrow or pain; that which afflicts or distresses; trial.(v) To deliberately harass and annoy or cause grief to other players of a game in order to interfere with their enjoyment of it; especially, to do this as one’s primary activity in the game.
griefs: (n) plural of grief
grieve: (v) To cause sorrow or distress to.; To feel very sad about; to mourn; to sorrow for.; To experience grief.; To harm.; To submit or file a grievance (about).(n) A governor of a town or province.; A manager or steward, e.g. of a farm.
Grieve: (N) A surname.
griff: (n) griffin, (white) newcomer(n) grasp; reach; An arrangement of parallel bars for lifting the hooked wires which raise the warp threads in a loom for weaving figured goods.(n) marijuana.
Griff: (N) A male given name.
griffe: (n) A claw-like ornament at the base of a column.(n) A person of mixed (black and white) race, especially the offspring of a mulatto (person of mixed black and white ancestry) and a person of fully black ancestry.
grig: (n) A dwarf.; A cricket or grasshopper.; A small or young eel.; Specifically, the broad-nosed eel. See glut.(n) Heath or heather.(v) To irritate or annoy.
grigri: (n) A belay device that incorporates an assisted breaking system.(n) Alternative spelling of gris-gris
grill: (n) A grating; a grid of wire or a sheet of material with a pattern of holes or slots, usually used to protect something while allowing the passage of air and liquids. Typical uses: to allow air through a fan while preventing fingers or objects from passing; to allow people to talk to somebody, while preventing attack.; The criss-cross pieces that separate panes of glass in a window.; On a vehicle, a slotted cover as above, to protect and hide the radiator, while admitting air to cool it.; A cooking device comprising a source of radiative heat and a means of holding food under it; a broiler in US English; A cooking device comprising a source of radiative and convective heat and a means of holding food above it; a barbecue.; Food (designed to be) cooked on a grill.; A grillroom; a restaurant serving grilled food.; A type of jewelry worn on the front teeth.(v) To cook (food) on a grill; to barbecue.; To cook food under the element of a stove or only under the top element of an oven – (US) broil, (cooking) salamander.; To interrogate; to question aggressively or harshly.; To feel very hot; to swelter.; To stamp or mark with a grill.(v) To make angry; provoke; incite.; To terrify; make tremble.; To tremble; shiver.; To snarl; snap.(aj) Harsh, rough, severe; cruel.(n) Harm.
grille: (n) Alternative form of grill (only in the senses of "grating over opening", "grating on the front of a vehicle", and "window divider")
grilse: (n) A young salmon after its first return from the sea.
grim: (aj) dismal and gloomy, cold and forbidding; rigid and unrelenting; ghastly or sinister; disgusting; gross; fierce, cruel, furious(v) To make grim; to give a stern or forbidding aspect to.(n) Anger, wrath.; A specter, ghost, haunting spirit.
Grim: (N) An English surname
grime: (n) Dirt, grease, soot, etc. that is ingrained and difficult to remove.; A genre of urban music that emerged in London, England, in the early 2000s, primarily a development of UK garage, dancehall, and hip hop.(v) To begrime; to cake with dirt.
Grime: (N) A surname, from Old Norse.
grimly: (aj) Grim-looking, grim-natured.(av) In a grim manner.
Grimm: (N) A German surname, from German.
grimy: (aj) Stained or covered with grime.; From the urban musical genre called grime.; Morally corrupt, malicious, vile, or selfish; base or dirty; rotten.
grin: (n) A smile in which the lips are parted to reveal the teeth.(v) To smile, parting the lips so as to show the teeth.; To express by grinning.; To show the teeth, like a snarling dog.; To grin as part of producing a particular facial expression, such as a smile or sneer.(n) A snare; a gin.
grind: (v) To reduce to smaller pieces by crushing with lateral motion.; To shape with the force of friction.; To remove material by rubbing with an abrasive surface.; To become ground, pulverized, or polished by friction.; To move with much difficulty or friction; to grate.; To slide the flat portion of a skateboard or snowboard across an obstacle such as a railing.; To oppress, hold down or weaken.; To rotate the hips erotically.; To dance in a sexually suggestive way with both partners in very close proximity, often pressed against each other.; To repeat a task a large number of times in a row to achieve a specific goal.; To operate by turning a crank.; To produce mechanically and repetitively as if by turning a crank.; To automatically format and indent code.; To instill through repetitive teaching.; To eat.; To work or study hard; to hustle or drudge.; To annoy or irritate (a person); to grind one's gears.(n) The act of reducing to powder, or of sharpening, by friction.; Something that has been reduced to powder, something that has been ground.; A specific degree of pulverization of coffee beans.; A tedious and laborious task.; A grinding trick on a skateboard or snowboard.; One who studies hard.; Clipping of grindcore (“subgenre of heavy metal”).; Hustle; hard work.(n) A traditional communal pilot whale hunt in the Faroe Islands.
grinds: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of grind(n) plural of grind; Tutoring; extra lessons in a specific subject outside of school hours.; Food, eats.; Used ground coffee, coffee grounds.
gringo: (n) A white person from an English-speaking country, particularly the United States.
grins: (n) plural of grin(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of grin
grip: (v) To take hold of, particularly with the hand.; Of an emotion or situation: to have a strong effect upon.; To firmly hold the attention of.; To help or assist, particularly in an emotional sense.; To do something with another that makes you happy/gives you relief.; To trench; to drain.(n) A hold or way of holding, particularly with the hand.; A handle or other place to grip.; A visual component on a window etc. enabling it to be resized and/or moved.; A person responsible for handling equipment on the set.; A channel cut through a grass verge (especially for the purpose of draining water away from the highway).; A lot of something.; A long time.; Archaic spelling of grippe: Influenza, flu.; A small travelling-bag or gripsack.; An apparatus attached to a car for clutching a traction cable.; Assistance; help or encouragement.; A helpful, interesting, admirable, or inspiring person.; As much as one can hold in a hand; a handful.; A tenacious grasp; a holding fast.; A device for grasping or holding fast to something.(n) A small ditch or trench; a channel to carry off water or other liquid; a drain.(n) The griffin.
gripe: (v) To complain; to whine.; To annoy or bother.; To tend to come up into the wind, as a ship which, when sailing close-hauled, requires constant labour at the helm.; To pinch; to distress. Specifically, to cause pinching and spasmodic pain to the bowels of, as by the effects of certain purgative or indigestible substances.; To suffer griping pains.; To make a grab (to, towards, at or upon something).; To seize or grasp.(n) A complaint, often a petty or trivial one.; A wire rope, often used on davits and other life raft launching systems.; grasp; clutch; grip; That which is grasped; a handle; a grip.; A device for grasping or holding anything; a brake to stop a wheel.; Oppression; cruel exaction; affliction; pinching distress.; Pinching and spasmodic pain in the intestines.; The piece of timber that terminates the keel at the fore end; the forefoot.; The compass or sharpness of a ship's stern under the water, having a tendency to make her keep a good wind.; An assemblage of ropes, dead-eyes, and hocks, fastened to ringbolts in the deck, to secure the boats when hoisted.; A vulture, Gyps fulvus; the griffin.
grippe: (n) Influenza, the flu.
grippes: (n) plural of grippe
grips: (n) plural of grip(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of grip
Griqua: (n) Any of a subgroup of South Africa's heterogeneous and multiracial black people, originally populating the frontiers of the infant Cape Colony, living as seminomadic commandos of mounted gunmen.
grise: (n) A step (in a flight of stairs); a degree.(n) Alternative form of grice (a pig)
Grise: (N) A surname.
grised: (v) plural of grise
grises: (n) plural of grise
Grises: (N) plural of Grise
grising: (v) plural of grise
grislies: (n) plural of grisly
grisly: (aj) Horrifyingly repellent; gruesome, terrifying.; Misspelling of gristly.; Misspelling of grizzly.(av) In a horrible or terrible manner; in a terrifying way.
grison: (n) A small, carnivorous South American mammal, of the genus Galictis, somewhat resembling a weasel.
grist: (n) Grain that is to be ground in a mill.; A group of bees.; Supply; provision.; A given size of rope, common grist being a rope three inches in circumference, with twenty yarns in each of the three strands.(v) To grind in a mill.
grit: (n) A collection of hard small materials, such as dirt, ground stone, debris from sandblasting or other such grinding, or swarf from metalworking.; Sand or a sand–salt mixture spread on wet and, especially, icy roads and footpaths to improve traction.; Inedible particles in food.; A measure of the relative coarseness of an abrasive material such as sandpaper, the smaller the number the coarser the abrasive.; A hard, coarse-grained siliceous sandstone; gritstone. Also, a finer sharp-grained sandstone, e.g., grindstone grit.; Strength of mind; great courage or fearlessness; fortitude.(v) Apparently only in grit one's teeth: to clench, particularly in reaction to pain or anger.; To cover with grit.; To give forth a grating sound, like sand under the feet; to grate; to grind.(n) Husked but unground oats.; Coarsely ground corn or hominy used as porridge.
Grit: (n) A member or supporter of the Liberal Party of Canada or one of its provincial wings (except for the Quebec provincial wing).(aj) Of or belonging to the Liberal Party of Canada.
grith: (n) Guaranteed security, sanctuary, safe conduct.; Security, peace or protection guaranteed in particular instances in Old English law.; A place of protection, a sanctuary.
grits: (n) plural of grit ('hulled oats')(n) Coarsely ground hominy which is boiled and eaten, primarily in the Southern United States.(n) plural of grit(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of grit
Grits: (n) plural of Grit(N) The Liberal Party of Canada.
grittest: (adj) plural of grit
gritty: (aj) Containing sand or grit; consisting of grit; caused by grit; full of hard particles.; Spirited; resolute; unyielding.; Intense and starkly realistic; depicting harsh reality, especially violence.
grivet: (n) An Old World monkey, Chlorocebus aethiops, with long white tufts of hair along the sides of the face.
groan: (n) A low, mournful sound uttered in pain or grief.; A low, guttural sound uttered in frustration, disapproval, or ecstasy.; A low creaking sound from applied pressure or weight.(v) To make a groan.; To strive after earnestly, as if with groans.
groans: (n) plural of groan(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of groan
groat: (n) Hulled grain.(n) Any of various old coins of England and Scotland.; A historical English silver coin worth four English pennies, still minted as one of the set of Maundy coins.; A proverbial small sum; a whit or jot.
Groat: (N) A surname.
groats: (n) plural of groat
Groats: (N) plural of Groat
grocer: (n) A person who retails groceries (foodstuffs and household items) from a grocery.(v) To sell groceries; to act as a grocer.
grog: (n) An alcoholic beverage made with rum and water, especially that once issued to sailors of the Royal Navy.; Any alcoholic beverage.; A glass or serving of an alcoholic beverage.; An alcoholic beverage made with hot water or tea, sugar and rum, sometimes also with lemon or lime juice and spices, particularly cinnamon.; A type of pre-fired clay that has been ground and screened to a specific particle size.(v) To grind and screen (clay) to a specific particle size.
Grog: (N) A male given name of a notional caveman.
groggy: (aj) Slowed or weakened, as by drink, sleepiness, etc.; Of a horse: bearing wholly on its heels when trotting.
groin: (n) The crease or depression of the human body at the junction of the trunk and the thigh, together with the surrounding region.; The area adjoining this fold or depression.; The projecting solid angle formed by the meeting of two vaults; The genitals.; The surface formed by two such vaults.(v) To deliver a blow to the genitals of.; To build with groins.; To hollow out; to excavate.(v) To grunt; to growl; to snarl; to murmur.(n) Alternative spelling of groyne
groom: (n) A man who is about to marry.(n) A person who looks after horses.; One of several officers of the English royal household, chiefly in the lord chamberlain's department.; A male servant, or more generally, a common man.; A brushing or cleaning, as of a dog or horse.(v) To attend to one's appearance and clothing.; To care for (horses or other animals) by brushing and cleaning them.; To prepare (someone) for election or appointment.; To prepare (a ski slope) for skiers by packing down the snow.; To attempt to gain the trust of (somebody, especially a minor) with the intention of subjecting them to abusive or exploitative behaviour such as sexual abuse or human trafficking.; In agile software development, to review and prioritize the items in the development backlog.
Groom: (N) An English occupational surname, from occupations for a servant.
grooms: (n) plural of groom(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of groom
Grooms: (N) plural of Groom
groove: (n) A long, narrow channel or depression; e.g., such a slot cut into a hard material to provide a location for an engineering component, a tyre groove, or a geological channel or depression.; A fixed routine.; The middle of the strike zone in baseball where a pitch is most easily hit.; A pronounced, enjoyable rhythm.; A shaft or excavation.; A racing line, a path across the racing circuit's surface that a racecar will usually track on. (Note: There may be multiple grooves on any particular circuit or segment of circuit)(v) To cut a groove or channel in; to form into channels or grooves; to furrow.; To perform, dance to, or enjoy rhythmic music.
groovy: (aj) Of, pertaining to, or having grooves.; Set in one's ways.(aj) Cool, neat, interesting, fashionable.(n) A trendy and fashionable person.
grope: (v) To feel with or use the hands; to handle.; To search or attempt to find something in the dark, or, as a blind person, by feeling; to move about hesitatingly, as in darkness or obscurity; to feel one's way, as with the hands, when one can not see.; To touch (another person) closely and (especially) sexually.; To intentionally and inappropriately touch another person, in such a manner as to make the contact appear accidental, for the purpose of one's sexual gratification.; To examine; to test; to sound.(n) An act of groping, especially sexually.; An iron fitting of a medieval cart wheel.
groped: (v) simple past tense and past participle of grope
gross: (aj) Highly or conspicuously offensive.; Excluding any deductions; including all associated amounts.; Seen without a microscope (usually for a tissue or an organ); at a large scale; not detailed.; Causing disgust.; Lacking refinement in behaviour or manner; offending a standard of morality.; Lacking refinement; not of high quality.; Heavy in proportion to one's height; having a lot of excess flesh.; Difficult or impossible to see through.; Not sensitive in perception or feeling.; Easy to perceive.(n) Twelve dozen = 144.; The total nominal earnings or amount, before taxes, expenses, exceptions or similar are deducted. That which remains after all deductions is called net.; The bulk, the mass, the masses.(v) To earn money, not including expenses.
Gross: (N) A surname, from Middle English, originally a nickname for a big man, from Middle English gros (“large”).; A village in Nebraska, having a population of two as of 2010.
grosz: (n) A subdivision of currency, equal to one hundredth of a Polish zloty.
Grosz: (N) A surname.
grot: (n) A grotto.(n) Any unpleasant substance or material.; A miserable person.
grotto: (n) A small cave.; An artificial cavern-like retreat.; A Marian shrine, usually built in a cavern-like structure.; A local organization of cavers that typically organizes trips to caves and provides information and training for caving; a caving club.; A secretive name for a local group of underground Satanists.
grouch: (n) A complaint, a grumble, a fit of ill-humor.; One who is grumpy or irritable.(v) To be grumpy or irritable; to complain.
ground: (n) The surface of the Earth, as opposed to the sky or water or underground.; Terrain.; Soil, earth.; The bottom of a body of water.; Basis, foundation, groundwork, legwork.; Reason, (epistemic) justification, cause.; Background, context, framework, surroundings.; The area on which a battle is fought, particularly as referring to the area occupied by one side or the other. Often, according to the eventualities, "to give ground" or "to gain ground".; Advantage given or gained in any contest; e.g. in football, chess, debate or academic discourse.; The plain surface upon which the figures of an artistic composition are set.; A flat surface upon which figures are raised in relief.; The net of small meshes upon which the embroidered pattern is applied.; A gummy substance spread over the surface of a metal to be etched, to prevent the acid from eating except where an opening is made by the needle.; One of the pieces of wood, flush with the plastering, to which mouldings etc. are attached.; A soccer stadium.; An electrical conductor connected to the earth, or a large conductor whose electrical potential is taken as zero (such as a steel chassis).; The area of grass on which a match is played (a cricket field); the entire arena in which it is played; the part of the field behind a batsman's popping crease where he can not be run out (hence to make one's ground).; A composition in which the bass, consisting of a few bars of independent notes, is continually repeated to a varying melody.; The tune on which descants are raised; the plain song.; The pit of a theatre.(v) To connect (an electrical conductor or device) to a ground.; To punish, especially a child or teenager, by forcing them to stay at home and/or give up certain privileges.; To forbid (an aircraft or pilot) to fly.; To give a basic education in a particular subject; to instruct in elements or first principles.; To hit a ground ball. Compare fly (verb(regular)) and line (verb).; To place something on the ground.; To run aground; to strike the bottom and remain fixed.; To found; to fix or set, as on a foundation, reason, or principle; to furnish a ground for; to fix firmly.; To cover with a ground, as a copper plate for etching, or as paper or other materials with a uniform tint as a preparation for ornament.; To improve or focus the mental or emotional state of.(v) simple past tense and past participle of grind(aj) Crushed, or reduced to small particles.; Processed by grinding.
group: (n) A number of things or persons being in some relation to one another.; A set with an associative binary operation, under which there exists an identity element, and such that each element has an inverse.; An effective divisor on a curve.; A (usually small) group of people who perform music together.; A small number (up to about fifty) of galaxies that are near each other.; A column in the periodic table of chemical elements.; A functional group.; A subset of a culture or of a society.; An air force formation.; A collection of formations or rock strata.; A number of users with same rights with respect to accession, modification, and execution of files, computers and peripherals.; An element of an espresso machine from which hot water pours into the portafilter.; A number of eighth, sixteenth, etc., notes joined at the stems; sometimes rather indefinitely applied to any ornament made up of a few short notes.; A set of teams playing each other in the same division, while not during the same period playing any teams that belong to other sets in the division.; A commercial organization.(v) To put together to form a group.; To come together to form a group.
groups: (n) plural of group(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of group
grout: (n) A thin mortar used to fill the gaps between tiles and cavities in masonry.; Coarse meal; groats.; (typically used in the plural) Dregs, sediment.; A kind of beer or ale.(v) To insert mortar between tiles.
Grout: (N) A surname.
grouty: (aj) Full of grout(s), that is, sediment.(aj) Angry or surly, sulky.; Lowering; threatening to rain or storm.; Turbid as with liquor.
grove: (n) A small forest.; An orchard of fruit trees.; A place of worship.; A lodge of the Ancient Order of Druids.(v) To cultivate in groves; to grow naturally so as to form groves.; To cultivate with periodic harvesting that also serves to create order (gaps and lines of trees) to facilitate further harvesting.; To plough or gouge with lines.
Grove: (N) A habitational surname, from Middle English for someone who lived near a grove.; Any of several villages in England.; A large village in Vale of White Horse district, Oxfordshire (OS grid ref SU4090).
grovel: (v) To be prone on the ground.; To crawl.; To abase oneself before another person.; To be slavishly nice to someone or apologize in the hope of securing something.; To take pleasure in mundane activities.
groves: (n) plural of grove(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of grove
Groves: (N) A surname.
grow: (v) To become larger, to increase in magnitude.; To undergo growth; to be present (somewhere); To appear or sprout.; To develop, to mature.; To cause or allow something to become bigger, especially to cultivate plants.; To assume a condition or quality over time.; To become attached or fixed; to adhere.
Grow: (N) A surname.
grower: (n) A farmer; one who grows things.; Something that grows.; Someone or something who becomes more likeable over time. (Especially used of music.); A man whose penis increases in size significantly when erect.
growl: (n) A deep, rumbling, threatening sound made in the throat by an animal.; The rumbling sound made by a human's hungry stomach.; An aggressive grumbling.; A low-pitched rumbling sound produced with a wind instrument.(v) To utter a deep guttural sound, as an angry animal; to give forth an angry, grumbling sound.; Of a wind instrument: to produce a low-pitched rumbling sound.; To send a user a message via the Growl software library.; To express (something) by growling.; To play a wind instrument in a way that produces a low-pitched rumbling sound.
growls: (n) plural of growl(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of growl
grown: (v) past participle of grow(aj) Covered by growth; overgrown.; Of a person: adult.
grows: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of grow
Grows: (N) plural of Grow
growth: (n) An increase in size, number, value, or strength.; An increase in psychological strength or resilience; an increased ability to overcome adversity.; The act of growing, getting bigger or higher.; Something that grows or has grown.; An abnormal mass such as a tumor.
groyne: (n) An often wooden structure that projects from a coastline to prevent erosion, longshore drift etc.; a breakwater.
Grozny: (N) The regional capital and largest city in Chechnya, Russia.
grub: (n) An immature stage in the life cycle of an insect; a larva.; Food.; A dirty person.; A despicable person; a lowlife.; A short, thick man; a dwarf.(v) To scavenge or in some way scrounge, typically for food.; To dig; to dig up by the roots; to root out by digging; often followed by up.; To supply with food.; To eat.
grubby: (aj) Dirty, unwashed, unclean.; Disreputable, sordid.; Having grubs in it.(n) Any species of Cottus; a sculpin.
grubs: (n) plural of grub(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of grub
grudge: (n) Deep-seated and/or long-term animosity or ill will about something or someone, especially due to a past misdeed or mistreatment.(v) To be unwilling to give or allow (someone something).; To grumble, complain; to be dissatisfied.; To hold or harbour with malicious disposition or purpose; to cherish enviously.
gruel: (n) A thin, watery porridge, formerly eaten primarily by the poor and the ill.(v) To exhaust; use up; disable; to punish.
gruff: (aj) having a rough, surly, and harsh demeanor and nature.; hoarse-voiced.(v) To speak gruffly.(aj) Of goods: bulky.
grugru: (n) A kind of palm tree bearing an edible fruit and nut.; Acrocomia aculeata; A kind of palm tree bearing an edible fruit and nut.; Acrocomia crispa; A grugru worm
grum: (aj) Morose, stern, surly, sullen.; Low, deep in the throat; guttural
grume: (n) A thick semisolid; A clot (of blood)
grumpies: (n) plural of grumpy
grumpy: (aj) Dissatisfied and irritable.
grundy: (n) A narrow-minded person or group that is overly concerned with censoring or criticizing personal conduct.; The tendency of society at large to be overly concerned with censoring or criticizing personal conduct.(aj) Overly concerned with censoring or criticizing personal conduct.(n) Granulated or shotted pig iron.(n) A pair of underpants
Grundy: (N) A surname.; A town, the county seat of Buchanan County, Virginia, United States.
grunt: (n) A short snorting sound, often to show disapproval, or used as a reply when one is reluctant to speak.; The snorting cry of a pig.; Any fish of the perciform family Haemulidae.; A person who does ordinary and boring work.; An infantry soldier.; The amount of power of which a vehicle is capable.; A dessert of steamed berries and dough, usually blueberries; blueberry grunt.(v) To make a grunt or grunts.; To make a grunt or grunts.; To break wind; to fart.
grunts: (n) plural of grunt(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of grunt
grutten: (v) plural of greet
gu: (n) Alternative spelling of gue (“Shetland fiddle”)
Gu: (N) A county of Linfen, Shanxi, China.(N) A surname, from Chinese.
guaco: (n) Any of various vine-like climbing plants of Central and South America and the West Indies, including Mikania and Aristolochia species, reputed to have curative powers.
Guam: (N) Unincorporated territory of the United States; located in the Pacific Ocean. Official name: Territory of Guam.
GUAM: (N) GUAM Organization for Democracy and Economic Development, a regional organization of the four post-Soviet states: Georgia, Ukraine, Azerbaijan, and Moldova.
guan: (n) Any (member) of several species of birds in the genera Aburria, Chamaepetes, Oreophasis, Penelope, Penelopina, and Pipile, of the family Cracidae, limited to the Americas.
Guan: (N) A surname.
guano: (n) Dung from a sea bird or from a bat.; A variety of seabird.
guard: (n) A person who, or thing that, protects or watches over something.; A garda; a police officer.; A squad responsible for protecting something.; The part of a sword that protects the wielder's hand.; A part of a machine which blocks access to dangerous parts.; A watchchain.; A panel of a car that encloses the wheel area, especially the front wheels.; A state of caution; posture of defence.; Something worn to protect part of the body, e.g. the shins in cricket.; A relatively short player, playing farther from the basket than a forward or center.; The position on the popping crease where a batsman makes a mark to align himself with the wicket; see take guard.; Either of two offensive positions between the center and each of the offensive tackles, whose main responsibilities are to protect the quarterback, and open up "holes" through which offensive players can run.; A ground grappling position in which one combatant has their back to the ground while attempting to control the other combatant using their legs.; A player playing a position named guard.; An employee, normally travelling in the last vehicle of a train, responsible for the safety of the train.; A Boolean expression that must evaluate to true for a branch of program execution to continue.; The aircraft emergency frequency, a radio frequency reserved for emergency communications, typically 121.5MHz for civilian use.(v) To protect from danger; to secure against surprise, attack, or injury; to keep in safety; to defend.; To keep watch over, in order to prevent escape or restrain from acts of violence, or the like.; To watch by way of caution or defense; to be caution; to be in a state or position of defense or safety.; To protect the edge of, especially with an ornamental border; hence, to face or ornament with lists, laces, etc.; To fasten by binding; to gird.
Guard: (N) A surname.
guards: (n) plural of guard(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of guard
Guards: (n) Any of several regiments in the Household Division of the British Army; The Gardaí; the police force.
guava: (n) A tropical tree or shrub of the myrtle family, Psidium guajava.; Its yellowish tropical fruit, 1¼ to 2 inches, globular or pear-shaped with thin, yellow, green or brown skin, is often made into jams and jellies. The meat is yellowish or pale green to pink in color.; A medium reddish-pink colour, like that of guava flesh (also called guava pink).
guck: (n) The hybrid offspring of a goose and a duck(n) An unpleasant sticky substance; goo, gunk.
Guck: (N) A surname, from German.
guddle: (v) To catch (fish) with the hands, especially by groping at the bank of a stream or under stones.
Gude: (N) A surname.
Gudes: (n) plural Gude
Guelph: (n) In the politics of medieval Italian city states, any member of a faction that supported the Pope in a long struggle against the Ghibellines and the Holy Roman Emperor.; Any member of the German-Hanoverian Party (1867-1933), a conservative federalist political party in the German Empire and the Weimar Republic founded in protest of the annexation of the Kingdom of Hanover by the Kingdom of Prussia.(N) Synonym of Welf, a dynasty, a cadet branch of the Italian House of Este, founded in the 11th century by Welf I, Duke of Bavaria.; A city, the county seat of Wellington County, Ontario, Canada.
guenon: (n) An Old World monkey of the genus Cercopithecus.
guess: (v) To reach a partly (or totally) unqualified conclusion.; To solve by a correct conjecture; to conjecture rightly.; to suppose (introducing a proposition of uncertain plausibility).; To think, conclude, or decide (without a connotation of uncertainty). Usually in first person: "I guess".; To hit upon or reproduce by memory.(n) A prediction about the outcome of something, typically made without factual evidence or support.
guest: (n) A recipient of hospitality, especially someone staying by invitation at the house of another.; A patron or customer in a hotel etc.; An invited visitor or performer to an institution or to a broadcast.; A user given temporary access to a system despite not having an account of their own.; Any insect that lives in the nest of another without compulsion and usually not as a parasite.; An inquiline.(v) to appear as a guest, especially on a broadcast; as a musician, to play as a guest, providing an instrument that a band/orchestra does not normally have in its line up (for instance, percussion in a string band); To receive or entertain hospitably.
Guest: (N) A surname.; A visitor to any of the Disney theme parks
guests: (n) plural of guest(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of guest
guff: (n) Nonsensical talk or thinking.; Superfluous information.; Insolent or otherwise unacceptable remarks.; A fart; act of breaking wind.(v) To fart.; To mislead.
guffaw: (n) A boisterous laugh.(v) To laugh boisterously.
guggle: (v) To make a sound as of liquid being poured from a small-necked container; To pour from a container and make this sound(n) The sound of liquid being poured.
guib: (n) A West African antelope (Tragelaphus scriptus), marked with white stripes and spots on a reddish fawn ground; the harnessed antelope.
guid: (n) Alternative form of GUID
guide: (n) Someone who guides, especially someone hired to show people around a place or an institution and offer information and explanation, or to lead them through dangerous terrain.; A document or book that offers information or instruction; guidebook.; A sign that guides people; guidepost.; Any marking or object that catches the eye to provide quick reference.; A device that guides part of a machine, or guides motion or action.; A blade or channel for directing the flow of water to the buckets in a water wheel.; A device that guides part of a machine, or guides motion or action.; A grooved director for a probe or knife in surgery.; A device that guides part of a machine, or guides motion or action.; A strip or device to direct the compositor's eye to the line of copy being set.; A spirit believed to speak through a medium.; A member of a group marching in formation who sets the pattern of movement or alignment for the rest.(v) to serve as a guide for someone or something; to lead or direct in a way; to conduct in a course or path.; to steer or navigate, especially a ship or as a pilot.; to exert control or influence over someone or something.; to supervise the education or training of someone.; to act as a guide.
Guide: (N) A village in Blackburn with Darwen borough, Lancashire, England (OS grid ref SD7025).
guided: (v) simple past tense and past participle of guide(aj) Subject to guidance.
guider: (n) One who guides.
Guider: (N) A surname.
guides: (n) plural of guide(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of guide
guidon: (n) A small pennant or banner carried by infantry soldiers to direct troop movement.; A soldier assigned to carry such a banner.
guild: (n) A group or association mainly of tradespeople made up of merchants, craftspeople, or artisans for mutual aid, particularly in the Middle Ages.; A corporation.; A group of diverse species that share common characteristics or habits.; An organized group of players who regularly play together in a multiplayer game.
Guild: (N) A surname.
guilds: (n) plural of guild
Guilds: (N) plural of Guild
guile: (n) Astuteness often marked by a certain sense of cunning or artful deception.; Deceptiveness, deceit, fraud, duplicity, dishonesty.(v) To deceive, beguile, bewile.(n) Obsolete form of gold.; Alternative form of gyle
Guile: (N) A surname, from French.
guilt: (n) Responsibility for wrongdoing.; The state of having been found guilty or admitted guilt in legal proceedings.; The regret of having done wrong.(v) To commit offenses; act criminally.; To cause someone to feel guilt, particularly in order to influence their behaviour.
guilty: (aj) Responsible for a dishonest act.; Judged to have committed a crime.; Having a sense of guilt.; Blameworthy.(n) A plea by a defendant who does not contest a charge.; A verdict of a judge or jury on a defendant judged to have committed a crime.; One who is declared guilty of a crime.
guimpe: (n) Gimp; a narrow flat braid or reinforced cord of fabric used for ornamental trimming.; A kind of short, high-necked blouse with sleeves of the late Victorian era, designed to be worn under a low-cut dress, jumper, or pinafore dress.; A kind of short chemisette or yoke insert made of lace, embroidery, or the like, worn with a low-necked dress.; A wimple; a wide, stiffly starched cloth that covers the neck and shoulders, as part of the habit of nuns of certain orders.
guinea: (n) A person of Italian descent.; A gold coin originally worth twenty shillings; later (from 1717 until the adoption of decimal currency) standardised at a value of twenty-one shillings.; Synonym of guinea fowl
Guinea: (N) The coast of West Africa between Morocco and the Congo, particularly the north shore of the Gulf of Guinea.; A country in West Africa. Official name: Republic of Guinea.; Someone of Italian descent in the United States.
guise: (n) Customary way of speaking or acting; fashion, manner, practice (often used formerly in such phrases as "at his own guise"; that is, in his own fashion, to suit himself.); External appearance in manner or dress; appropriate indication or expression; garb; shape.; Misleading appearance; cover, cloak.(v) To dress.; To act as a guiser; to go dressed up in a parade etc.(n) Deliberate misspelling of guys.
Guise: (N) A surname.
guitar: (n) A stringed musical instrument, of European origin, usually with a fretted fingerboard and six strings, played with the fingers or a plectrum (guitar pick).; Any type of musical instrument of the lute family, characterized by a flat back, along with a neck whose upper surface is in the same plane as the soundboard, with strings along the neck and parallel to the soundboard.(v) To play the guitar.
gula: (n) The upper front of the neck, next to the chin; the upper throat.; A plate which in most insects supports the submentum.; A capping moulding; a cymatium.
Gula: (N) A surname.
gulch: (v) To swallow greedily; to gulp down.; To fall heavily.(n) A ravine-like or deep V-shaped valley, often eroded by flash floods; shallower than a canyon and deeper than a gully.; An act of gulching or gulping.; A glutton.
gulden: (n) An old currency of the Netherlands (and its overseas territory the Netherlands Antilles).
gulf: (n) A hollow place in the earth; an abyss; a deep chasm or basin.; That which swallows; the gullet.; That which swallows irretrievably; a whirlpool; a sucking eddy.; A portion of an ocean or sea extending into the land; a partially landlocked sea; A large deposit of ore in a lode.; A wide interval or gap; a separating space.; A difference, especially a large difference, between groups.; The bottom part of a list of those awarded a degree, for those who have only just passed.(v) To award a degree to somebody who has only just passed sufficiently.
Gulf: (N) The Persian Gulf, or the region surrounding it.
gulfs: (n) plural of gulf(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gulf
gull: (n) A seabird of the genus Larus or of the family Laridae.; Any of various pierid butterflies of the genus Cepora.(n) A cheating trick; a fraud.; One easily cheated; a dupe.; A swindler or trickster.(v) To deceive or cheat.; To mislead.; To trick and defraud.
Gull: (n) A player, supporter or other person connected with Torquay United Football Club.
Gullah: (N) A creole of English and various African languages spoken on a group of islands off the coast of the Carolinas and Georgia in the Southern United States.; The culture surrounding this language and geography.(n) A member of the Gullah culture.(aj) Pertaining to the Gullah language and culture.
gullet: (n) The throat or esophagus.; The cytopharynx of a ciliate, through which food is ingested.; The space between the teeth of a saw blade.; A channel for water.; A preparatory cut or channel in excavations, of sufficient width for the passage of earth wagons.; The wide room under the pommel of a saddle, the hollow over the withers.
gulls: (n) plural of gull(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gull
Gulls: (N) Torquay United F. C., a football club from Torquay, England.
gully: (n) A trench, ravine or narrow channel which was worn by water flow, especially on a hillside.; A small valley.; A drop kerb.; A road drain.; A fielding position on the off side about 30 degrees behind square, between the slips and point; a fielder in such a position; A grooved iron rail or tram plate.(v) To flow noisily..; To wear away into a gully or gullies.(n) A large knife.
Gully: (N) A surname.
gulp: (n) The usual amount swallowed.; The sound of swallowing, sometimes indicating fear.; An unspecified small number of bytes, often two.(v) To swallow eagerly, or in large draughts; to swallow up; to take down in one swallow.; To react nervously by swallowing.(i) An indication of (the sound of) an involuntary fear reaction in the form of a swallowing motion.
gulped: (v) simple past tense and past participle of gulp
gulph: (n) Obsolete spelling of gulf
gum: (n) The flesh around the teeth.(v) To chew, especially of a toothless person or animal.; To deepen and enlarge the spaces between the teeth of (a worn saw), as with a gummer.(n) Any of various viscous or sticky substances that are exuded by certain plants.; Any viscous or sticky substance resembling those that are exuded by certain plants.; Chewing gum.; A single piece of chewing gum.; A gummi candy.; A hive made of a section of a hollow gum tree; hence, any roughly made hive.; A vessel or bin made from a hollow log.; A rubber overshoe.; A gum tree.(v) To apply an adhesive or gum to; to make sticky by applying a sticky substance to.; To stiffen with glue or gum.; To inelegantly attach into a sequence.; To impair the functioning of a thing or process.
Gum: (N) A surname.
gumbo: (n) Synonym of okra: the plant or its edible capsules.; A soup or stew made with okra.; A fine silty soil that when wet becomes very thick and heavy.
gumma: (n) a soft, non-cancerous growth, a form of granuloma, resulting from the tertiary stage of syphilis.
gummed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of gum
gummy: (aj) Showing the gums.(n) Clipping of gummy shark.; A sheep that is losing or has lost its teeth.(aj) Resembling gum (the substance).; Covered with gum or a substance resembling gum.; Thick; fat.(n) A gummi candy.
gums: (n) plural of gum(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gum
Gums: (N) plural of Gum
gun: (n) A device for projecting a hard object very forcefully; a firearm or cannon.

Guns were considered improvements of crossbows and catapults.; A very portable, short firearm, for hand use, which fires bullets or projectiles, such as a handgun, revolver, pistol, or Derringer.; A device for projecting a hard object very forcefully; a firearm or cannon.

Guns were considered improvements of crossbows and catapults.; A less portable, long firearm, bullet- or projectile-firing; a rifle, either manual, automatic or semi-automatic; a flintlock, musket or shotgun.; A device for projecting a hard object very forcefully; a firearm or cannon.

Guns were considered improvements of crossbows and catapults.; A cannon with relatively long barrel, operating with relatively low angle of fire, and having a high muzzle velocity.; A device for projecting a hard object very forcefully; a firearm or cannon.

Guns were considered improvements of crossbows and catapults.; A cannon with a 6-inch/155mm minimum nominal bore diameter and tube length 30 calibers or more. See also: howitzer; mortar.; A device for projecting a hard object very forcefully; a firearm or cannon.

Guns were considered improvements of crossbows and catapults.; A firearm or cannon used for saluting or signalling.ᵂᵖ; A device operated by a trigger and acting in a manner similar to a firearm.; Any implement designed to fire a projectile from a tube.; A device operated by a trigger and acting in a manner similar to a firearm.; A device or tool that projects a substance.; A device operated by a trigger and acting in a manner similar to a firearm.; A device or tool that applies something rather than projecting it.; A long surfboard designed for surfing big waves (not the same as a longboard, a gun has a pointed nose and is generally a little narrower).; A pattern that "fires" out other patterns.; A person who carries or uses a rifle, shotgun or handgun.; An electron gun.; The biceps.; Violent blasts of wind.; An expert.; Someone excellent, surpassingly wonderful, or cool.(v) To shoot someone or something, either literally (with a firearm) or figuratively (such as to put an end to something).; To speed something up.; To offer vigorous support to a person or cause.; To seek to attack someone; to take aim at someone.; To practice fowling or hunting small game; chiefly in participial form: to go gunning.; To masturbate while observing and visible to a corrections officer.(v) Nonstandard spelling of going to.
Gun: (N) A Gbe language spoken in parts of Benin and Nigeria.
gunk: (n) Dirt or grime; any vague, messy, or unknown substance.; A subculture of 21st century American males, combining elements of modern gothic culture with punk rock.; A member of the gunk subculture.(v) To soil or make dirty
gunman: (n) A criminal armed with a gun, especially a professional killer.
gunnel: (n) Alternative spelling of gunwale; A small eel-shaped marine fish of the family Pholidae, especially Pholis gunnellus.
gunnen: (v) plural of gin
gunner: (n) Artillery soldier, or such who holds private rank. Abbreviated Gnr.; A person who operates a gun.; An excessive go-getter; one exhibiting over-ambition.; A player on the kicking team whose primary job is to tackle the kickoff returner or punt returner.; A fan of the Arsenal Football Club.; The great northern diver or loon.; The sea bream, especially Pagellus bogaraveo (blackspot sea bream); A player who can reliably shoot baskets.(ab) Alternative spelling of gonna(n) The person designated to pour drinks in a drinking session.
Gunner: (n) someone connected with Arsenal Football Club, as a fan, player, coach etc.(N) A surname.
gunny: (n) A coarse heavy fabric made of jute or hemp.; A gunny sack.(n) A gunnery sergeant.
guns: (n) plural of gun(n) Well-developed muscles of the upper arm, especially the biceps and triceps.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gun
gunsel: (n) Synonym of catamite: a young man kept by an elder as a (usually passive) homosexual partner.; Synonym of bottom: a passive partner in a male homosexual relationship.; Synonym of bitch: a man forced or coerced into a homosexual relationship.(n) A gun-carrying hoodlum or other criminal.
gunter: (n) A device used in sailing, for two main configurations of rig:; A wire that leads from a point near the end of a gaff to a point near the other end. A block travels along this wire, and a halyard is attached to the block. This allows the gaff to be raised to the vertical by a single halyard.; A device used in sailing, for two main configurations of rig:; A set of hoops or parrel beads which secure the gaff loosely to the mast in a vertical position.
Gunter: (N) A male given name from the Germanic languages used in medieval England.
gunyah: (n) A traditional Aboriginal dwelling made of bark and sticks.
guppy: (n) A tiny freshwater fish, Poecilia reticulata, popular in home aquariums, that usually has a plain body and black or dark blue tail for the females and a more colorful tail for the males.; Any tiny fish.; A tube holding paintballs before they are loaded into the gun.; A hold across the palm of the hand rather than the fingertips.
Guppy: (N) A surname.
gurge: (v) To swallow up.(n) A whirlpool.
gurgle: (v) To flow with a bubbling sound.(n) A gurgling sound.
Gurkha: (n) A member of the dominant ethnic group in Nepal, with a Himalayan diaspora.; A member of this people recruited to serve in their own elite units in the British and Indian armies.(aj) Referring or belonging to the Gurkha people.; Referring or belonging to Gurkha soldiers.
guru: (n) A Hindu or Sikh spiritual teacher.; An influential advisor or mentor.(v) To act as a guru; to give wise advice
gus: (n) plural of gu
gush: (n) A sudden rapid outflow.(v) To flow forth suddenly, in great volume.; To send (something) flowing forth suddenly in great volume.; To ejaculate during orgasm.; To make an excessive display of enthusiasm, praise, or sentiment.
gushed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of gush
gusher: (n) One who gushes (makes an excessive display of enthusiasm, praise, or sentiment).; An oil well that has a natural flow and so requires no pumping.
gushes: (n) plural of gush(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gush
gushy: (aj) Gushing; effusive and often emotional.; Tending to gush, to produce a large flow of liquid.
gusset: (n) A small piece of cloth inserted in a garment, for the purpose of strengthening some part or giving it a tapering enlargement cf. godet.; A gousset, a piece of mail providing protection where armor plates meet.; A kind of bracket, or angular piece of iron, fastened in the angles of a structure to give strength or stiffness; especially, the part joining the barrel and the fire box of a locomotive boiler.; An abatement or mark of dishonor in a coat of arms, resembling a gusset.; A large flat metal piece wider than the valley to help prevent build-up at the base of the valley, either from debris or ice dam formations.(v) To make with a gusset; to sew a gusset into.
gust: (n) A strong, abrupt rush of wind.; Any rush or outburst (of water, emotion, etc.).(v) To blow in gusts.(n) The physiological faculty of taste.; Relish, enjoyment, appreciation.; Intellectual taste; fancy.(v) To taste.; To have a relish for.
Gust: (N) A surname.
gusto: (n) Enthusiasm; enjoyment, vigor.
gustoes: (n) plural of gusto
gustos: (n) plural of gusto
gusts: (n) plural of gust(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gust
gusty: (aj) Of wind: blowing in gusts; blustery; tempestuous.; Characterized by or occurring in instances of sudden strong expression.; Bombastic, verbose.(aj) With gusto
gut: (n) The alimentary canal, especially the intestine.; The abdomen of a person, especially one that is enlarged; The intestines of an animal used to make strings of a tennis racket or violin, etc.; A person's emotional, visceral self.; A class that is not demanding or challenging.; A narrow passage of water.; The sac of silk taken from a silkworm when ready to spin its cocoon, for the purpose of drawing it out into a thread. When dry, it is exceedingly strong, and is used as the snood of a fishing line.(v) To eviscerate.; To remove or destroy the most important parts of.(aj) Made of gut.; Instinctive.
Gut: (N) A surname, from German.
guts: (n) plural of gut(n) The entrails or contents of the abdomen.; Courage; determination.; Content, substance.; The essential, core parts.; One's innermost feelings.; The ring in the gambling game two-up in which the spinner operates; the centre.; The center of the field.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of gut(v) To eat greedily.; To show determination or courage (especially in the combination guts out).
Guts: (N) plural of Gut
gutsed: (v) plural of guts
gutses: (v) plural of guts
gutsing: (v) plural of guts
gutsy: (aj) Marked by courage and determination in the face of difficulties or danger; having guts.; Not showing due respect.
gutta: (n) A small water-repelling, cone-shaped projection used in the architrave of the Doric order in classical architecture.; A small round spot of colour.
gutted: (aj) Eviscerated.; With the most important parts destroyed (often by fire), removed or rendered useless.; Having a gut or guts.; Deeply disappointed; annoyed; down.(v) simple past tense and past participle of gut
gutter: (n) A prepared channel in a surface, especially at the side of a road adjacent to a curb, intended for the drainage of water.; A ditch along the side of a road.; A duct or channel beneath the eaves of a building to carry rain water; eavestrough.; A groove down the sides of a bowling lane.; A large groove (commonly behind animals) in a barn used for the collection and removal of animal excrement.; Any narrow channel or groove, such as one formed by erosion in the vent of a gun from repeated firing.; A space between printed columns of text.; One of a number of pieces of wood or metal, grooved in the centre, used to separate the pages of type in a form.; An unprinted space between rows of stamps.; A drainage channel.; The notional locus of things, acts, or events which are distasteful, ill bred or morally questionable.; A low, vulgar state.; The spaces between comic book panels.(v) To flow or stream; to form gutters.; To melt away by having the molten wax run down along the side of the candle.; To flicker as if about to be extinguished.; To send (a bowling ball) into the gutter, not hitting any pins.; To supply with a gutter or gutters.; To cut or form into small longitudinal hollows; to channel.(n) One who or that which guts.
guttier: (adj) plural of gutty
guttle: (v) To eat voraciously; to swallow greedily.; To swallow.; To make a bubbling sound.; To remove the guts from; eviscerate.
gutty: (aj) Charged or sprinkled with drops.(aj) Gutsy; brave.; Having a prominent gut.(n) One who works in a slaughterhouse cutting out the internal organs.(n) An urchin or delinquent.; Low-class person.; An unpleasant person.(aj) Made of gutta-percha.
guv: (n) A form of address to a man, usually a stranger or a superior.
guvs: (n) plural of guv
guy: (n) An effigy of a man burned on a bonfire on the anniversary of the Gunpowder Plot (5th November).; A person of eccentric appearance or dress; a "fright".; A man, fellow.; A person (see usage notes).; character, personality (not referring to a person, but pretending to); Buster, Mack, fella, bud, man.(v) To exhibit an effigy of Guy Fawkes around the 5th November.; To make fun of, to ridicule with wit or innuendo.; To play in a comedic manner.(n) A guide; a leader or conductor.; A support rope or cable used to aid in hoisting or lowering.; A support to secure or steady structures prone to shift their position or be carried away (e.g. the mast of a ship or a suspension bridge).(v) To equip with a support cable.
Guy: (N) A male given name from the Germanic languages.; A patronymic surname, from given names.(n) An effigy of Guy Fawkes burned on Bonfire Night(N) A male given name from Hebrew.; A surname.(N) A city in Arkansas.; A hamlet in Alberta, Canada.
Guyana: (N) A country in South America. Official name: Co-operative Republic of Guyana.
guyot: (n) A flat-topped seamount.
Guyot: (N) A surname, from French.
guys: (n) plural of guy; Used to address a group of people regardless of gender.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of guy
Guys: (N) A town in Tennessee.(N) plural of Guy(n) plural of Guy
guzzle: (v) To drink or eat quickly, voraciously, or to excess; to gulp down; to swallow greedily, continually, or with gusto.; To consume alcoholic beverages, especially frequently or habitually.; To consume anything quickly, greedily, or to excess, as if with insatiable thirst.(n) Drink; intoxicating liquor.; A drinking bout; a debauch.; An insatiable thing or person.; A drain or ditch; a gutter; sometimes, a small stream. Also called guzzen.; The throat.
Gwyn: (N) A male given name from Welsh.; A surname, from Welsh.; A diminutive of the female given name Gwyneth.
gybe: (v) To shift a fore-and-aft sail from one side of a sailing vessel to the other, while sailing before the wind.; Of a fore-and-aft sail or its boom: to shift, often forcefully and suddenly, from one side of a sailing vessel to the other.; Generally of a small sailing vessel: to change tack with the wind crossing behind the vessel.; Often as gybe at: to balk, hesitate, or vacillate when faced with a course of action, plan, or proposal.(n) The act of gybing.; A sudden shift of a sail's angle, or a sudden change in the direction that a vessel is sailing in.; The act of gybing.; A manoeuvre in which the stern of a sailing vessel crosses the wind, typically resulting in the forceful and sudden sweep of the boom from one side of the vessel to the other.; A sudden change in approach or direction; vacillation.(n) Alternative spelling of jibe (“taunt”)(v) Alternative spelling of jibe (“taunt”)
gym: (n) Clipping of gymnasium.; clipping of gymnastics. (often as sense 4); A sports facility specialized for lifting weights and exercise.; physical education class(v) To go to the gym.
gyp: (n) A cheat or swindle; a rip-off.; Synonym of gypsy (“contra dance step”)(v) To cheat or swindle.(n) A domestic servant, generally male, who would attend upon (usually several) students, brushing their clothes, carrying parcels, waiting at parties and other tasks; generally equivalent to a scout in the historical sense at Oxford University or a skip at Trinity College, Dublin.; The room in which such college servants work.; A small kitchen for use by college students.(n) Gypsophila.(n) Pain or discomfort.
gypsum: (n) A mineral consisting of hydrated calcium sulphate. When calcinated, it forms plaster of Paris.
gypsy: (n) Alternative form of Gypsy: a member of the Romani people.; An itinerant person or any person, not necessarily Romani; a tinker, a traveller or a carny.; A move in contra dancing in which two dancers walk in a circle around each other while maintaining eye contact (but not touching as in a swing). (Compare whole gyp, half gyp, and gypsy meltdown, in which this step precedes a swing.); A member of a Broadway musical chorus line.; A person with a dark complexion.; A sly, roguish woman.(aj) Alternative form of Gypsy: of or belonging to the Romani people.; Of or having the qualities of an itinerant person or group with qualities traditionally ascribed to Romani people; making a living from dishonest practices or theft etc.(v) To roam around the country like a gypsy.; To perform the gypsy step in contra dancing.
Gypsy: (n) A member of the Romani people, or one of the sub-groups (Roma, Sinti, Romanichal, etc).; A member of other nomadic peoples, not only of the Romani people; a traveller. Alternative spelling of gypsy(N) The language Romani.; A female given name.(aj) Of or belonging to the Romani people or one of it sub-groups (Roma, Sinti, Romanichel, etc).
gyral: (aj) Of or pertaining to a gyrus; Moving circularly or spirally; gyratory; whirling.
gyrate: (v) To revolve round a central point; to move spirally about an axis, as a tornado.(aj) Having coils or convolutions.
gyre: (n) A swirling vortex.; A circular or spiral motion; also, a circle described by a moving body; a revolution, a turn.; Synonym of gyrus (“a fold or ridge on the cerebral cortex of the brain”); An ocean current caused by wind which moves in a circular manner, especially one that is large-scale and observed in a major ocean.(v) To spin around; to gyrate, to whirl.; To make (something) spin or whirl around; to spin, to whirl.
gyro: (n) A gyroscope.; A gyrocompass.; An autogyro.; Synonym of detangler(n) A style of Greek sandwich commonly filled with grilled meat, tomato, onions, and tzatziki sauce.
gyron: (n) A triangular form having an angle at the fess point and the opposite side at the edge of the escutcheon.
gyrose: (aj) Turned round like a crook, or bent to and fro.
gyrus: (n) A fold or ridge on the cerebral cortex of the brain.
gyve: (n) A shackle or fetter, especially for the leg.(v) To shackle, fetter, chain.
