i: (C) The ninth letter of the English alphabet, called i and written in the Latin script.(0) The ordinal number ninth, derived from this letter of the English alphabet, called i and written in the Latin script.(S) (a) an initial letter ⟨i⟩(n) The name of the Latin-script letter I.(P) Nonstandard spelling of I.
I: (P) The speaker or writer, referred to as the grammatical subject, of a sentence.; The speaker or writer, referred to as the grammatical object, of a sentence.(n) The ego.(C) The ninth letter of the English alphabet, called i and written in the Latin script.(0) The ordinal number ninth, derived from this letter of the English alphabet, called i and written in the Latin script.(n) Interstate.(i) Obsolete spelling of aye.
iamb: (n) A metrical foot in verse consisting of an unstressed syllable followed by a stressed syllable.
iambic: (aj) Consisting of iambs (metrical feet with an unstressed-stressed pattern) or characterized by their predominance.(n) An iamb; a line or group of lines of iambs.
iambus: (n) iamb
iatric: (aj) Of or pertaining to a physician or physicians.
Ibadan: (N) The third-largest city of Nigeria, the capital of Oyo State.
Iberia: (N) The region of Europe south of the Pyrenees, consisting of Andorra, Spain, Portugal, and Gibraltar.; A city and town in Missouri.; A census-designated place in Ohio.(N) Antique and Byzantine name for the ancient Georgian kingdom of Kartli in Eastern Europe, located east of Colchis, corresponding roughly to the eastern parts of present-day Georgia.
ibex: (n) A type of wild mountain goat of the genus Capra, such as the species Capra ibex.
ibis: (n) Any of various long-legged wading birds in the family Threskiornithidae, having long downcurved bills used to probe the mud for prey such as crustaceans.
Ibiza: (N) An island of the Balearic Islands, Spain.; A city and municipality of Ibiza.
Ibo: (N) Alternative form of Igbo(n) Alternative form of Igbo
Ibsen: (N) A surname.
Icarus: (N) A Greek mythological figure, son of Daedalus, who escaped from the Cretan labyrinth of Knossos by flying with wings made from feathers and wax, but flew too near to the sun, which melted the wax in the wings, so he fell down and drowned in the Aegean Sea.
ice: (n) Water in frozen (solid) form.; Any frozen volatile chemical, such as ammonia or carbon dioxide.; Any volatile chemical, such as water, ammonia, or carbon dioxide, not necessarily in solid form.; A frozen dessert made of fruit juice, water and sugar.; An ice cream.; Any substance having the appearance of ice.; One or more diamonds and jewelry.; Crystal form of amphetamine-based drugs.; The area where a game of ice hockey is played.; Money paid as a bribe.(v) To cool with ice, as a beverage.; To become ice; to freeze.; To make icy; to freeze.; To murder.; To cover with icing (frosting made of sugar and milk or white of egg); to frost; as cakes, tarts, etc.; To put out a team for a match.; To shoot the puck the length of the playing surface, causing a stoppage in play called icing.
ICE: (n) in-circuit emulator, in-circuit emulation(v) To occupy a reserved electric car parking space (especially one equipped with a charger) with a traditional car equipped with an internal combustion engine.
Ice: (N) A surname.
icebox: (n) A box or compartment containing ice, typically used to keep provisions cool.; A compartment in a refrigerator that is colder than the rest of the refrigerator and is used as a freezer.; A refrigerator.; A prison.; A morgue.(aj) agreeable, awesome. (as a superlative of cool)
icecap: (n) Alternative form of ice cap
iced: (aj) With ice added.; Very cold, but not necessarily containing ice.; Covered with icing.(v) simple past tense and past participle of ice
iceman: (n) A person who trades in ice; a person employed to deliver block ice.; A man who is skilled in travelling upon ice, as among glaciers.; A human figure carved out of ice.; An ancient human male mummified in ice.; An assassin.; One who is cool under pressure.; A man in attendance at a frozen pond where skating etc. is going on.
Iceni: (n) A Brythonic tribe in Britannia who inhabited an area corresponding roughly to the modern-day county of Norfolk, from the 1st century BC to the 1st century AD.
ices: (n) plural of ice(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of ice
ICEs: (n) plural of ICE
Ices: (N) plural of Ice
ich: (P) I.(n) Ichthyophthiriasis, a parasitic infection of freshwater fish caused by the ciliate Ichthyophthirius.
Ich: (N) literal transcription of Freud’s German-language psychological term “Ich”, more often termed ego in English. See ego.
iched: (v) plural of ich
iches: (v) plural of ich
iching: (v) plural of ich
ichor: (n) The liquid said to flow in place of blood in the veins of the gods.; The blood of human beings or animals; also (obsolete) the clear, fluid portion of blood; blood plasma, plasma.; A blood-like fluid.; A fluid believed to seep out from magma and cause rock to turn into granite.; A fetid, watery discharge from a sore; pus.
icicle: (n) A drooping, tapering shape of ice.
icily: (av) In the manner of ice; with a cold or chilling effect.; In an uncaring or coolly angry manner.
icing: (n) A sweet, often creamy and thick glaze made primarily of sugar, often enriched with ingredients like butter, egg whites, or flavorings, typically used for baked goods.; A minor violation of ice hockey rules, occurring when a player shoots the puck from his/her side of the red line so that it crosses the goal line on the opponent's side. A team playing short-handed is not penalized for this.; The process of forming a layer of ice on a surface.; Conditions conducive to the formation of ice on aircraft surfaces.(v) present participle of ice
icky: (aj) Unpleasantly sticky; yucky; disgusting.; Excessively sentimental.; Unwell or upset; in a bad state of mind or health.
icon: (n) An image, symbol, picture, or other representation usually as an object of religious devotion.; A type of religious painting portraying a saint or scene from Scripture, often done on wooden panels.; A person or thing that is the best example of a certain profession or some doing.; A small picture that represents something.; A word, character, or sign whose form reflects and is determined by the referent; onomatopoeic words are necessarily all icons.
icones: (n) plural of icon
iconic: (aj) Relating to, or having the characteristics of, an icon.; Famously and distinctively representative of its type.; Representing something; symbolic.
ictus: (n) The pulse.; A sudden attack, blow, stroke, or seizure, as in a sunstroke, the sting of an insect, pulsation of an artery, etc.; The stress of voice laid upon an accented syllable of a word. Compare arsis.; In conducting, the indication of a musical event, most often the beat of the tempo or the entry of a section of the orchestra.
icy: (aj) Pertaining to, resembling, or abounding in ice; cold; frosty.; Covered with ice, wholly or partially.; Characterized by coldness of manner; frigid; cold.; To be wearing an excessive amount of jewelry, especially of the high-quality and expensive kind.
Icy: (N) A female given name
id: (n) The unconscious impulsive component of the personality in the Freudian psychoanalytic model.(n) Alternative spelling of ide(n) Identifier.(P) Used in citations to state that the citation is to the work immediately previously cited.
ID: (n) An electronic music track without an official title.; An ident.(v) To identify (an object, etc.).; To request to see a person’s identification for proof of identity or age.; To identify (as something)
Ida: (N) A female given name from the Germanic languages.(N) Name of two sacred mountains situated in present-day Turkey and Crete, also called Mount Ida.(N) A river in eastern Slovakia.
Idaho: (N) A state in the western United States. Capital and largest city: Boise.; An unincorporated community in Pike County, Ohio, United States, named for Idaho Territory.; University of Idaho(n) In full Idaho potato: a variety of potato grown in Idaho, especially the Russet Burbank.
idea: (n) An abstract archetype of a given thing, compared to which real-life examples are seen as imperfect approximations; pure essence, as opposed to actual examples.; The conception of someone or something as representing a perfect example; an ideal.; The form or shape of something; a quintessential aspect or characteristic.; An image of an object that is formed in the mind or recalled by the memory.; More generally, any result of mental activity; a thought, a notion; a way of thinking.; A conception in the mind of something to be done; a plan for doing something, an intention.; A purposeful aim or goal; intent; A vague or fanciful notion; a feeling or hunch; an impression.; A musical theme or melodic subject.
ideal: (aj) Optimal; being the best possibility.; Perfect, flawless, having no defects.; Pertaining to ideas, or to a given idea.; Existing only in the mind; conceptual, imaginary.; Teaching or relating to the doctrine of idealism.; Not actually present, but considered as present when limits at infinity are included.(n) A perfect standard of beauty, intellect etc., or a standard of excellence to aim at.; A subring closed under multiplication by its containing ring.; A non-empty lower set (of a partially ordered set) which is closed under binary suprema (a.k.a. joins).; A collection of sets, considered small or negligible, such that every subset of each member and the union of any two members are also members of the collection.; A Lie subalgebra (subspace that is closed under the Lie bracket) 𝖍 of a given Lie algebra 𝖌 such that the Lie bracket [𝖌,𝖍] is a subset of 𝖍.; A subsemigroup with the property that if any semigroup element outside of it is added to any one of its members, the result must lie outside of it.
Ideal: (N) A city in Georgia, United States.; An unincorporated community in Illinois.; An unincorporated community in South Dakota.
ideals: (n) plural of ideal
ideas: (n) plural of idea
ideate: (v) To apprehend in thought so as to fix and hold in the mind; to memorize.; To generate an idea.(aj) Produced by an idea.(n) The actual existence supposed to correspond with an idea; the correlate in real existence to the idea as a thought or existence.
idem: (P) The same.
Ides: (n) Alternative form of ides: the notional full moon of a Roman month, used in Roman dating.
idiocy: (n) The state or condition of being an idiot; the quality of having an intelligence level far below average; mental retardation; intellectual disability.; An act lacking intelligence or sense; an instance of senselessness; extremely foolish behaviour.
idiom: (n) A manner of speaking, a mode of expression peculiar to a language, person, or group of people.; A programming construct or phraseology that is characteristic of the language.; A language or language variety; specifically, a restricted dialect used in a given historical period, context etc.; An established phrasal expression whose meaning may not be deducible from the literal meanings of its component words.; An artistic style (for example, in art, architecture, or music); an instance of such a style.
idioms: (n) plural of idiom
idiot: (n) A person of low general intelligence.; A person who makes stupid decisions; a fool.; A person of the lowest intellectual standing, a person who lacks the capacity to develop beyond the mental age of a normal four-year-old; a person with an IQ below 30.(aj) idiotic, stupid
IDiot: (n) A proponent of intelligent design.
idiots: (n) plural of idiot
IDiots: (n) plural of IDiot
idle: (aj) Empty, vacant.; Not being used appropriately; not occupied; (of time) with no, no important, or not much activity.; Not engaged in any occupation or employment; unemployed; inactive; doing nothing in particular.; Averse to work, labor or employment; lazy; slothful.; Of no importance; useless; worthless; vain; trifling; thoughtless; silly.; Light-headed; foolish.(v) To spend in idleness; to waste; to consume.; To lose or spend time doing nothing, or without being employed in business.; Of an engine: to run at a slow speed, or out of gear; to tick over.(n) The state of idling, of being idle.; The lowest selectable thrust or power setting of an engine.; An idle animation.; An idle game.
Idle: (N) A surname.; A suburb in the City of Bradford, West Yorkshire, England (OS grid ref SE1737).; A river, the River Idle in Nottinghamshire, England, which flows into the River Trent.
idled: (v) simple past tense and past participle of idle
idler: (n) One who idles; one who spends his or her time in inaction.; One who idles; a lazy person; a sluggard.; Any member of a ship's crew who is not required to keep the night-watch; A mechanical device such as a pulley or wheel that does not transmit power, but supports a moving belt etc.(aj) comparative form of idle: more idle
idlers: (n) plural of idler
idlest: (aj) superlative form of idle: most idle
idling: (v) present participle of idle(n) An idle period; something done idly.
idly: (av) Without specific purpose, intent or effort.; In an idle manner.
Ido: (N) A constructed language; a reform of Esperanto and Idiom Neutral
idol: (n) A graven image or representation of anything that is revered, or believed to convey spiritual power.; A cultural icon, or especially popular person.; Popular entertainer; usually young, captivating, attractive; and often female, with an image of being close to fans.; An eidolon or phantom; something misleading or elusive.
idols: (n) plural of idol
idolum: (n) An insubstantial image; a spectre or phantom.; A mental image or idea.; A misconception or fallacy.
idyl: (n) Alternative spelling of idyll
idyll: (n) Any poem or short written piece composed in the style of Theocritus' short pastoral poems, the Idylls.; An episode or series of events or circumstances of pastoral or rural simplicity, fit for an idyll; a carefree or lighthearted experience.; A composition, usually instrumental, of a pastoral or sentimental character, e.g. Siegfried Idyll by Richard Wagner.
if: (c) Supposing that, assuming that, in the circumstances that; used to introduce a condition or choice.; In the event that a statement is true (a programming statement that acts in a similar manner).; Supposing that; used with past or past perfect subjunctive indicating that the condition is closed.; Supposing that; given that; supposing it is the case that.; Although; used to introduce a concession.; Whether; used to introduce a noun clause, an indirect question, that functions as the direct object of certain verbs.; Even if; even in the circumstances that.; Introducing a relevance conditional.(n) An uncertainty, possibility, condition, doubt etc.
iffy: (aj) Of dubious authenticity, legitimacy or legality.; Uncertain or chancy.
Igbo: (n) A member of a people of southeast Nigeria.(N) The language spoken by the Igbo people and elsewhere in southern Nigeria.
igloo: (n) A dome-shaped Inuit shelter, constructed of blocks cut from snow.; A cavity, or excavation, made in the snow by a seal, over its breathing hole in the sea ice.; A reinforced bunker for the storage of nuclear weapons.; A kind of airfreight cargo container.
ignite: (v) to set fire to (something), to light (something); to spark off (something), to trigger; to commence burning.; To subject to the action of intense heat; to heat strongly; often said of incombustible or infusible substances.
ignore: (v) To deliberately not listen or pay attention to.; To pretend to not notice someone or something.; Fail to notice.; Not to know.
Igorot: (n) A member of any of several Austronesian ethnic groups in the Philippines, inhabiting the mountains of Luzon.
iguana: (n) A green iguana (Iguana iguana), a large tropical American lizard often kept as a pet; In zoology, any member of the genus Iguana; Colloquially, in America and the Pacific, any of several members of the lizard family Iguanidae.; Colloquially, in Africa, any large member of the genus Varanus, especially the aquatic Nile monitor -- see leguan; Colloquially, in Australia, any member of the genus Varanus -- see goanna
ihram: (n) The state of ritual purity and dedication of a Muslim hajj pilgrim to Mecca.; The clothing worn on such a pilgrimage; one length of cotton cloth around the loins and another thrown over the left shoulder.
Ike: (N) A diminutive of the male given name Isaac.
ikon: (n) Alternative form of icon (religious image).
ileac: (aj) Pertaining to the ileum.; Pertaining to the ilium.
ileum: (n) The last, and usually the longest, division of the small intestine; the part between the jejunum and large intestine.
ileus: (n) Disruption of the normal propulsive ability of the gastrointestinal tract, due to failure of peristalsis.; Disruption of the normal propulsive ability of the gastrointestinal tract from any cause.
ilex: (n) Holm oak (Quercus ilex).; Any of the numerous trees or shrubs of the genus Ilex.
ilia: (n) plural of ilium
iliac: (aj) Relating to the ilium.
Iliac: (aj) Relating to ancient Ilium, or Troy.
Iliad: (N) A famous ancient Greek epic poem about the Trojan War, attributed to Homer.(n) A specific version, edition, translation, or copy of the above-mentioned Homeric text.; Any long tragic story.
ilium: (n) The upper and widest of the three bones that make up each side of the hipbone and pelvis.; The ileum, part of the small intestine.
Ilium: (N) Troy
ilk: (aj) Very; same.(n) A type, race or category; a group of entities that have common characteristics such that they may be grouped together.
ilka: (aj) Each or every
ill: (aj) Evil; wicked (of people).; Morally reprehensible (of behaviour etc.); blameworthy.; Indicative of unkind or malevolent intentions; harsh, cruel.; Unpropitious, unkind, faulty, not up to reasonable standard.; Unwell in terms of health or physical condition; sick.; Having an urge to vomit.; Sublime, with the connotation of being so in a singularly creative way.; Extremely bad (bad enough to make one ill). Generally used indirectly with to be.; Unwise; not a good idea.(av) Not well; imperfectly, badly(n) Trouble; distress; misfortune; adversity.; Harm or injury.; Evil; moral wrongfulness.; A physical ailment; an illness.; PCP, phencyclidine.
ills: (n) plural of ill
illume: (v) To throw or spread light upon; to make light or bright.
Im: (n) irregular galaxy with no coherent structure
image: (n) An optical or other representation of a real object; a graphic; a picture.; A mental picture of something not real or not present.; A statue or idol.; A file that contains all information needed to produce a live working copy. (See disk image and image copy.); A characteristic of a person, group or company etc., style, manner of dress, how one is or wishes to be, perceived by others.; What a function maps to.; The subset of a codomain comprising those elements that are images of something.; A form of interference: a weaker "copy" of a strong signal that occurs at a different frequency.; Show; appearance; cast.(v) To represent by an image or symbol; to portray.; To reflect, mirror.; To create an image of.; To create a complete backup copy of a file system or other entity.
imaged: (v) simple past tense and past participle of image
images: (n) plural of image(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of image
imago: (n) The final developmental stage of an insect after undergoing metamorphosis.; An idealised concept of a loved one, formed in childhood and retained unconsciously into adult life, the basis for the psychological formation of personality archetypes.
imam: (n) One who leads the salat prayers in a mosque.; A Shi'ite Muslim leader descended from the prophet Muhammad and functioning as his spiritual successor.; One of the Twelve imams, descendants of Muhammad from the seventh to ninth centuries CE who lived exemplary lives.
Imam: (N) A surname, from Arabic.
imaret: (n) An Ottoman soup kitchen built between the fourteenth and nineteenth centuries, often part of a larger complex or waqf.
imbed: (v) Alternative spelling of embed
imbibe: (v) To drink (used frequently of alcoholic beverages).; To take in; absorb.; To steep; to cause to absorb liquid.
imbrue: (v) To stain (in, with, blood, slaughter, etc.).
imbue: (v) To wet or stain an object completely with some physical quality.; In general, to act in a way which results in an object becoming completely permeated or impregnated by some quality.
imbued: (v) simple past tense and past participle of imbue
imide: (n) a form of amide in which the nitrogen atom is attached to two carbonyl groups - R₁CONHCOR₂
imine: (n) Any of a class of organic nitrogen compounds having the general formula R₂C=NR; they are tautomeric with enamines.
immesh: (v) To enmesh; to catch as with meshes; to ensnare.
immix: (v) To mix or blend
immune: (aj) Exempt; not subject to.; Protected by inoculation, or due to innate resistance to pathogens.; Not vulnerable.; Of or pertaining to the immune system.(n) A person who is not susceptible to infection by a particular disease(v) To make immune.
immuner: (adj) plural of immune
immunest: (adj) plural of immune
immure: (v) To cloister, confine, imprison or hole up: to lock someone up or seclude oneself behind walls.; To put or bury within a wall.; To wall in.; To trap or capture (an impurity); chiefly in the participial adjective immured and gerund or gerundial noun immuring.(n) A wall; an enclosure.
imp: (v) To engraft or plant (a plant or part of one, a sapling, etc.).; To graft or implant (something other than a plant); to fix or set (something) in.; To engraft (a feather) on to a broken feather in a bird's wing or tail to repair it; to engraft (feathers) on to a bird, or a bird's wing or tail.; To provide (someone or something) with wings, hence enabling them or it to soar.; To add to or unite a object with (something) to lengthen the latter out or repair it; to eke out, enlarge, strengthen.(n) A small, mischievous sprite or a malevolent supernatural creature, somewhat comparable to a demon but smaller and less powerful, formerly regarded as the child of the devil or a demon (see sense 3.2).; A mischievous child.; A baby Tasmanian devil.; A young shoot of a plant, a tree, etc.; a sapling; also, a part of a plant used for grafting; a graft.; An offspring or scion, especially of a noble family; (generally) a (usually male) child; a (young) man.; Something added to or united with another to lengthen it out or repair it (such as an eke or small stand on which a beehive is placed, or a length of twisted hair in a fishing line).
impact: (n) The striking of one body against another; collision.; The force or energy of a collision of two objects.; A forced impinging.; A significant or strong influence; an effect.(v) To collide or strike, the act of impinging.; To compress; to compact; to press into something or pack together.; To influence; to affect; to have an impact on.; To stamp or impress onto something.
impair: (v) To weaken; to affect negatively; to have a diminishing effect on.; To grow worse; to deteriorate.(aj) Not fit or appropriate; unsuitable.
impala: (n) An African antelope, Aepyceros melampus, noted for its leaping ability; the male has ridged, curved horns.
Impala: (N) Chevrolet Impala.
impale: (v) To pierce (something) with any long, pointed object.; To place two coats of arms side by side on the same shield (often those of two spouses upon marriage).; To pierce with a pale; to put to death by fixing on a sharp stake.; To enclose or fence with stakes.
impart: (v) To give or bestow (e.g. a quality or property).; To give a part or to share.; To make known; to show (by speech, writing etc.).; To hold a conference or consultation.; To obtain a share of; to partake of.
impede: (v) To get in the way of; to hinder.
impel: (v) To urge a person; to press on; to incite to action or motion via intrinsic motivation.; To drive forward; to propel an object, to provide an impetus for motion or action.
impels: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of impel
impend: (v) To hang or be suspended over (something); to overhang.; Figuratively to hang over (someone) as a threat or danger.; To threaten to happen; to be about to happen, to be imminent.; To pay.
impi: (n) A group of Zulu (or other Bantu) warriors; a detachment of armed men.
impies: (n) plural of impi
impish: (aj) mischievous; of or befitting an imp.
imply: (v) to have as a necessary consequence; to suggest by logical inference; to hint; to insinuate; to suggest tacitly and avoid a direct statement; to enfold, entangle.
import: (n) Something brought in from an exterior source, especially for sale or trade.; The practice of importing.; Significance, importance.; A foreigner playing in a sports league.(v) To bring (something) in from a foreign country, especially for sale or trade.; To load a file into a software application from another version or system.(v) To be important; to be significant; to be of consequence.; To be of importance to (someone or something).; To be incumbent on (someone to do something).; To be important or crucial to (that something happen).; To mean, signify.; To express, to imply.
impose: (v) To establish or apply by authority.; to be an inconvenience (on or upon); to enforce: compel to behave in a certain way; To practice a trick or deception (on or upon).; To lay on, as the hands, in the religious rites of confirmation and ordination.; To arrange in proper order on a table of stone or metal and lock up in a chase for printing; said of columns or pages of type, forms, etc.
impost: (n) A tax, tariff or duty that is imposed, especially on merchandise.; The weight that must be carried by a horse in a race, the handicap.(n) The top part of a column, pillar, pier, wall, etc. that supports an arch.
imposted: (v) plural of impost
imposting: (v) plural of impost
imps: (n) plural of imp(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of imp
impugn: (v) To assault, attack.; To verbally assault, especially to argue against an opinion, motive, or action; to question the truth or validity of.
impure: (aj) Not pure; Containing undesired intermixtures; Not pure; Unhallowed; defiled by something unholy, either physically by an objectionable substance, or morally by guilt or sin; Not pure; Unchaste; obscene (not according to or not abiding by some system of sexual morality)(v) to defile; to pollute
impute: (v) To attribute or ascribe (responsibility or fault) to a cause or source.; To ascribe (sin or righteousness) to someone by substitution.; To take into account.; To attribute or credit to.; To replace missing data with substituted values.
in: (p) Used to indicate location, inclusion, or position within spatial, temporal or other limits.; Contained by.; Used to indicate location, inclusion, or position within spatial, temporal or other limits.; Within the bounds or limits of.; Used to indicate location, inclusion, or position within spatial, temporal or other limits.; Surrounded by; among; amidst.; Used to indicate location, inclusion, or position within spatial, temporal or other limits.; Wearing (an item of clothing).; Used to indicate location, inclusion, or position within spatial, temporal or other limits.; Part of; a member of; out of; from among.; Used to indicate location, inclusion, or position within spatial, temporal or other limits.; During (a period of time).; Used to indicate location, inclusion, or position within spatial, temporal or other limits.; Within (a certain elapsed time); by the end of.; Used to indicate location, inclusion, or position within spatial, temporal or other limits.; At the end of (a period of time).; Used to indicate location, inclusion, or position within spatial, temporal or other limits.; Characterized by.; Into.; Used to indicate limit, qualification, condition, or circumstance.

In replacing the faucet washers, he felt he was making his contribution to the environment.; Indicating an order or arrangement.; Used to indicate limit, qualification, condition, or circumstance.

In replacing the faucet washers, he felt he was making his contribution to the environment.; Denoting a state of the subject.; Used to indicate limit, qualification, condition, or circumstance.

In replacing the faucet washers, he felt he was making his contribution to the environment.; Indicates, connotatively, a place-like form of someone's (or something's) personality, as his, her or its psychic and physical characteristics.; Used to indicate limit, qualification, condition, or circumstance.

In replacing the faucet washers, he felt he was making his contribution to the environment.; Pertaining to; with regard to.; Used to indicate means, medium, format, genre, or instrumentality.; In the form of, in the denomination of.; Used to indicate means, medium, format, genre, or instrumentality.; Used to indicate a language, script, tone, etc. of a text, speech, etc.(v) To enclose.; To take in; to harvest.(av) At or towards the interior of a defined space, such as a building or room.; Towards the speaker or other reference point.; So as to be enclosed or surrounded by something.; After the beginning of something.; Denotes a gathering of people assembled for the stated activity, sometimes, though not always, suggesting a protest.(n) A position of power or influence, or a way to get it.; One who, or that which, is in; especially, one who is in office.; The state of a batter/batsman who is currently batting; see innings.; A re-entrant angle; a nook or corner.(aj) Located indoors, especially at home or at one's office or place of work.; Located inside something.; Falling or remaining within the bounds of the playing area.; Inserted or fitted into something.; Having been collected or received.; In fashion; popular.; Incoming.; Furled or stowed.; Of the tide, at or near its highest level.; With privilege or possession; used to denote a holding, possession, or seisin; Currently batting.; Having familiarity or involvement with somebody.; Having a favourable position, such as a position of influence or expected gain, in relation to another person.; (Britain, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand) Burning; ablaze.
IN: (n) internegative; a type of film stock, most commonly used regarding 35mm motion picture negative
inane: (aj) Lacking sense or meaning (often to the point of boredom or annoyance); Purposeless; pointless(n) That which is void or empty.
inapt: (aj) Unapt
inapter: (adj) plural of inapt
inaptest: (adj) plural of inapt
inarch: (v) To graft by uniting, as a scion, to a stock, without separating either from its root before the union is complete.
inborn: (aj) Innate, possessed by an organism at birth.; Inherited or hereditary.
inbred: (aj) Bred within; innate.; Having an ancestry characterized by inbreeding.; Describing a strain produced through successive generations of inbreeding resulting in a population of genetically identical individuals which are homozygous at all genetic loci.(v) simple past tense and past participle of inbreed(n) An inbred individual.
inca: (n) Any of several species of hummingbirds in the genus Coeligena
Inca: (n) A member of the group of Quechuan peoples of highland Peru who established an empire from northern Ecuador to central Chile before the Spanish conquest.
incase: (v) Alternative spelling of encase(c) Misspelling of in case.
incept: (v) To take in or ingest.; To begin.; To be accepted to the Master of Arts degree at Oxford or Cambridge University.
incest: (n) Sexual relations between close relatives, especially immediate family members and sometimes first cousins, usually considered taboo; in many jurisdictions, close relatives are not allowed to marry, and incest is a crime.(v) To engage in incestuous sexual intercourse.
inch: (n) A unit of length equal to one twelfth of a foot, or exactly 2.54 centimetres.; The amount of water which would cover a surface to the depth of an inch, used as a measurement of rainfall.; The amount of an alcoholic beverage which would fill a glass or bottle to the depth of an inch.; A very short distance.(v) To advance very slowly, or by a small amount (in a particular direction).; To drive by inches, or small degrees.; To deal out by inches; to give sparingly.(n) A small island
Inch: (N) A town in County Wexford, Ireland.
inches: (n) plural of inch(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of inch
incise: (v) To cut in or into with a sharp instrument; to carve; to engrave.
incite: (v) To stir up or excite; to rouse or goad into action.
income: (n) Money one earns by working or by capitalising on the work of others.; Money coming in to a fund, account, or policy.; A coming in; arrival; entrance; introduction.; A newcomer or arrival; an incomer.; An entrance-fee.; A coming in as by influx or inspiration, hence, an inspired quality or characteristic, as courage or zeal; an inflowing principle.; A disease or ailment without known or apparent cause, as distinguished from one induced by accident or contagion; an oncome.; That which is taken into the body as food; the ingesta; sometimes restricted to the nutritive, or digestible, portion of the food.
incult: (aj) Uncultivated, wild.; Rough, unrefined.
incur: (v) to bring upon oneself or expose oneself to, especially something inconvenient, harmful, or onerous; to become liable or subject to; to render somebody liable or subject to; to enter or pass into; to fall within a period or scope; to occur; to run into danger
incurs: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of incur
incus: (n) A small anvil-shaped bone in the middle ear.; an accessory cloud, in the shape of an anvil which forms by spreading at the top of a cumulonimbus.
incuse: (aj) hammered or pressed in (usually on a coin)(n) an impression hammered or pressed (onto a coin)(v) To hammer or press (usually onto a coin)
Ind: (N) India; the East.
indaba: (n) A tribal conference held by Nguni leaders.; Any conference, discussion, or meeting.; Chiefly in one's own or someone's indaba: a concern, matter, or problem.; An international conference of Scout leaders.
indeed: (av) Truly; in fact; actually.; In fact.(i) Indicates emphatic agreement.; With interrogative intonation (low-high) indicates serious doubt.
indene: (n) The bicyclic hydrocarbon consisting of a benzene ring fused to one of cyclopentadiene
indent: (n) A cut or notch in the margin of anything, or a recess like a notch.; A stamp; an impression.; A certificate, or intended certificate, issued by the government of the United States at the close of the Revolution, for the principal or interest of the public debt.; A requisition or order for supplies, sent to the commissariat of an army.(v) To notch; to jag; to cut into points like a row of teeth; To be cut, notched, or dented.; To dent; to stamp or to press in; to impress; To cut the two halves of a document in duplicate, using a jagged or wavy line so that each party could demonstrate that their copy was part of the original whole.; To enter into a binding agreement by means of such documents; to formally commit (to doing something); to contract.; To engage (someone), originally by means of indented contracts.; To begin (a line or lines) at a greater or lesser distance from the margin. See indentation, and indention. Normal indent pushes in a line or paragraph. "Hanging indent" pulls the line out into the margin.; To crook or turn; to wind in and out; to zigzag.; To make an order upon; to draw upon, as for military stores.
index: (n) An alphabetical listing of items and their location.; The index finger; the forefinger.; A movable finger on a gauge, scale, etc.; A symbol resembling a pointing hand, used to direct particular attention to a note or paragraph.; That which points out; that which shows, indicates, manifests, or discloses.; A sign; an indication; a token.; A type of noun where the meaning of the form changes with respect to the context. E.g., 'Today's newspaper' is an indexical form since its referent will differ depending on the context. See also icon and symbol.; A single number calculated from an array of prices or of quantities.; A number representing a property or ratio, a coefficient.; A raised suffix indicating a power.; An integer or other key indicating the location of data e.g. within an array, vector, database table, associative array, or hash table.; A data structure that improves the performance of operations on a table.; A prologue indicating what follows.(v) To arrange an index for something, especially a long text.; To inventory, to take stock.; To normalise in order to account for inflation; to correct for inflation by linking to a price index in order to maintain real levels.; To be indexical for (some situation or state of affairs); to indicate.; To access a value in a data container by an index.
Index: (N) An unincorporated community in Miller County, Arkansas.; An unincorporated community in Morgan County, Kentucky.; A ghost town in Cass County, Missouri.; A small hamlet in Otsego County, New York.; An unincorporated community in King George County, Virginia.; A town in Snohomish County, Washington.; An unincorporated community in Gilmer County, West Virginia.
India: (N) A country in South Asia. Official name: Republic of India.; An area of land in Southern Asia, traditionally delimited by the Himalayas and the Indus river; the Indian subcontinent.; A territory of the British Empire, chiefly comprising the modern day countries of India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Nepal and Burma.; The letter I in the ICAO spelling alphabet.; A female given name
Indian: (aj) Of or relating to India or its people; or (formerly) of the East Indies.; Eastern; Oriental.; Of or relating to the indigenous peoples of the Americas.; Made with Indian corn or maize.; Designating any of various chess openings now characterised by black's attempt to control the board through knights and fianchettoed bishops rather than with a central pawn advance.(n) A person from India.; A Native American, a member of one of the indigenous peoples of the Americas (generally excluding the Aleut, Inuit, Metis, or Yupik).; An indigenous inhabitant of Australia, New Zealand or the Pacific islands.; Indian cuisine; traditional Indian food.; A meal at (or taken away from) an Indian restaurant.; An Indian restaurant.(N) Any of the (unrelated) languages spoken by American Indians.; Any language spoken by natives of India, especially Hindi.
Indias: (n) plural India
Indic: (N) A branch of the Indo-European family of languages comprising Sanskrit and its modern descendants such as Bengali, Hindi, Urdu, and Punjabi.(aj) Relating to or denoting the group of Indo-European languages comprising Sanskrit and the modern Indian languages which are its descendants; Relating to other languages of India, which use Brahmic scripts.; Pertaining to India or its people, culture and languages; Indian.
indict: (v) To accuse of wrongdoing; charge.; To make a formal accusation or indictment for a crime against (a party) by the findings of a jury, especially a grand jury.
Indies: (N) The East Indies, including India, Southeast Asia, Indonesia, and adjacent lands.; The West Indies, including Cuba, Puerto Rico, and other islands of the Caribbean.; The Western Hemisphere, during the early period of European colonization and exploration.
indign: (aj) Unworthy, undeserving.; disgraceful; unbecoming
indigo: (n) A purplish-blue colour; An indigo-colored dye obtained from certain plants (the indigo plant or woad), or a similar synthetic dye.; An indigo plant, such as from species in genera Indigofera, Amorpha (false indigo), Baptisia (wild indigo), and Psorothamnus and Dalea (indigo bush).(aj) having a deep purplish-blue colour
indite: (v) To physically make letters and words on a writing surface; to inscribe.; To write, especially a literary or artistic work; to compose.; To dictate; to prompt.; To invite or ask.; To indict; to accuse; to censure.(n) An extremely rare indium-iron sulfide mineral.
indium: (n) A chemical element (symbol In) with an atomic number of 49: a soft silvery-white metal.; A single atom of this element.
indole: (n) An organic compound, C₈H₇N, found in coal tar, and produced in the gut by the bacterial decomposition of tryptophan; it is an aromatic bicyclic heterocycle having a benzene ring fused with a pyrrole ring; indole and its derivatives occur widely in nature and have many industrial applications.; Any of the derivatives of indole₁.(aj) guileless
indoor: (aj) Situated in, or designed to be used in, or carried on within, the interior of a building.
Indra: (N) The god of war and weather; also the King of the Gods or Devas and Lord of Heaven or Svargaloka in Hinduism.
Indre: (N) One of the departments in Centre-Val de Loire, France. Capital: Châteauroux (INSEE code 36).
induce: (v) To lead by persuasion or influence; incite or prevail upon.; To cause, bring about, lead to.; To cause or produce (electric current or a magnetic state) by a physical process of induction.; To infer by induction.; To lead in, bring in, introduce.; To draw on, place upon.
induct: (v) To bring in as a member; to make a part of.; To formally or ceremoniously install in an office, position, etc.; To introduce into (particularly if certain knowledge or experience is required, such as ritual adulthood or cults).; To draft into military service.; To introduce; to bring in.
indue: (v) Alternative form of endue
indult: (n) A permission or privilege granted by the church authority that excepts an individual from what is otherwise a norm of church law, such as a release from monastic vows.
induna: (n) A South African tribal councillor or headman (under the king); someone in authority, a boss.
Indus: (N) A large river in south-central Asia, rising in Tibet and flowing through India and Pakistan to the Arabian Sea.(N) A constellation of the southern sky between Grus and Pavo.(N) A hamlet in Alberta, Canada
inept: (aj) Not able to do something; not proficient; displaying incompetence.; Unfit; unsuitable.
inert: (aj) Unable to move or act; inanimate.; Sluggish or lethargic.; In chemistry, not readily reacting with other elements or compounds.; Having no therapeutic action.(n) A substance that does not react chemically.(v) To fill with an inert gas to reduce the risk of explosion.
inerter: (adj) plural of inert
infame: (v) To defame; to make infamous.
infamy: (n) The state of being infamous.; A reputation as being evil.; A reprehensible occurrence or situation.; A stigma attaching to a person's character that disqualifies them from being a witness.
infant: (n) A very young human being, from birth to somewhere between six months and two years of age, needing almost constant care and attention.; A minor.; A noble or aristocratic youth.(v) To bear or bring forth (a child); to produce, in general.
infare: (n) A party or other celebration held to mark someone's entrance into a new home, especially the arrival of a bride at her new home; a wedding reception.
infect: (v) To bring (the body or part of it) into contact with a substance that causes illness (a pathogen), so that the pathogen begins to act on the body; (of a pathogen) to come into contact with (a body or body part) and begin to act on it.; To contaminate (an object or substance) with a pathogen.; To make somebody enthusiastic about one's own passion, or to communicate a feeling to others, or a feeling communicating itself to others.(aj) Infected.
infer: (v) To introduce (something) as a reasoned conclusion; to conclude by reasoning or deduction, as from premises or evidence.; To lead to (something) as a consequence; to imply. (Now often considered incorrect, especially with a person as subject.); To cause, inflict (something) upon or to someone.; To introduce (a subject) in speaking, writing etc.; to bring in.
infers: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of infer
infest: (v) To inhabit a place in unpleasantly large numbers; to plague, harass.; To invade a host plant or animal.(aj) Mischievous; hurtful; harassing.(n) Hostility.
infirm: (aj) Weak or ill, not in good health.; Irresolute; weak of mind or will.; Frail; unstable; insecure.(v) To contradict, to provide proof that something is not.
infix: (v) To set; to fasten or fix by piercing or thrusting in.; To instill.; To insert a morpheme inside an existing word.(n) A morpheme inserted inside an existing word, such as -bloody- in English.; A morpheme that always appears between other morphemes in a word, such as -i- and -o- in English.
inflow: (n) The act or process of flowing in or into; Anything which flows in or into; Influence from outside.(v) To flow in.
influx: (n) A flow inward or into something; a coming in.; That which flows or comes in.; influence; power.
infold: (v) To fold inwards.; To wrap up or inwrap; involve; inclose; enfold or envelop.; To clasp with the arms; embrace.
inform: (v) To instruct, train (usually in matters of knowledge).; To communicate knowledge to.; To impart information or knowledge.; To act as an informer; denounce.; To give form or character to; to inspire (with a given quality); to affect, influence (with a pervading principle, idea etc.).; To make known, wisely and/or knowledgeably.; To direct, guide.; To take form; to become visible or manifest; to appear.(aj) Without regular form; shapeless; ugly; deformed.
infra: (av) Discussed later.(n) Clipping of infrastructure.
infuse: (v) To cause to become an element of something; to insert or fill.; To steep in a liquid, so as to extract the soluble constituents (usually medicinal or herbal).; To inspire; to inspirit or animate; to fill (with).; To instill as a quality.; To undergo infusion.; To make an infusion with (an ingredient); to tincture; to saturate.; To pour in, as a liquid; to pour (into or upon); to shed.
inga: (n) Any of the genus Inga of small tropical trees and shrubs.
ingate: (n) entrance; ingress; The aperture in a mould for pouring in the metal; the gate.
ingest: (v) To take a substance (e.g. food) into the body of an organism, especially through the mouth and into the gastrointestinal tract.; To cause an undesired object or fluid to enter the engine, generally via the intake.; To bring or import into a system.(n) The process of importing data or other material into a system.
ingle: (n) An open fireplace.(n) A catamite; a male lover(v) To cajole or coax; to wheedle.
Ingle: (N) A surname.
ingot: (n) A solid block of more or less pure metal, often but not necessarily bricklike in shape and trapezoidal in cross-section, the result of pouring out and cooling molten metal, often immediately after smelting from raw ore or alloying from constituents.(v) To form (scraps of metal) into ingots.
ingots: (n) plural of ingot
ingulf: (v) Archaic form of engulf.
inhale: (v) To draw air into the lungs, through the nose or mouth by action of the diaphragm.; To draw air or any form of gas (either in a pure form, or mixed with small particles in form of aerosols/smoke -sometimes stemming from a medicament) into the lungs, through the nose or mouth by action of the diaphragm.; To eat very quickly.(n) An inhalation.
inhaul: (n) A rope used to haul in the clew of a sail, or a jib boom
inhere: (v) to be inherent; to be an essential or intrinsic part of; to be fixed or permanently incorporated with something
inhume: (v) To bury in a grave.
inion: (n) A small protuberance on the external surface of the back of the skull near the neck; the external occipital protuberance.
inject: (v) To push or pump (something, especially fluids) into a cavity or passage.; To introduce (something) suddenly or violently.; To administer an injection to (someone or something), especially of medicine or drugs.; To take or be administered something by means of injection, especially medicine or drugs.; To introduce (code) into an existing program or its memory space, often without tight integration and sometimes through a security vulnerability.; To cast or throw; used with on.
injun: (n) A Native American.
Injun: (n) Alternative form of injun
injure: (v) To wound or cause physical harm to a living creature.; To damage or impair.; To do injustice to.
injury: (n) Damage to the body of a living thing.; Other forms of damage sustained by a living thing, e.g. psychologically.; The violation of a person's reputation, rights, property, or interests.; Injustice.(v) To wrong, to injure.
ink: (n) A pigment (or dye)-based fluid used for writing, printing etc.; A particular type, color or container of this fluid.; The black or dark-colored fluid ejected by squid, octopus etc, as a protective strategy.; Publicity.; Tattoo work.; Cheap red wine.(v) To apply ink to; to cover or smear with ink.; To sign (a contract or similar document).; To apply a tattoo to (someone).; to eject ink (sense 3)
inkle: (v) To hint at; disclose.; To have a hint or inkling of; divine.(n) Narrow linen tape, used for trimmings or to make shoelaces
inks: (n) plural of ink(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of ink
inky: (aj) Of the colour of ink, especially black ink; dark.; Spattered or stained with ink.; Dark-skinned; black.
inlaid: (v) simple past tense and past participle of inlay(aj) Set into a surface in a decorative pattern.; Having an inset decorative pattern.
inland: (aj) Within the land; relatively remote from the ocean or from open water; interior.; Limited to the land, or to inland routes; within the seashore boundary; not passing on, or over, the sea; Confined to a country or state; domestic; not foreign.(n) The interior part of a country.(av) Into, or towards, the interior of the land, away from the coast.
inlay: (v) To place (pieces of a foreign material) within another material to form a decorative design.; To place an inlay in a tooth.(n) The material placed within a different material in the form of a decoration.; A filling for a tooth, made of ceramic or gold to fit the cavity and shape of tooth and cemented into place.; The piece of paper or the booklet inside the case of a compact disc, DVD, or cassette.
inlet: (v) To let in; admit.; To insert; inlay.(n) A body of water let into a coast, such as a bay, cove, fjord or estuary.; A passage that leads into a cavity.
inlets: (n) plural of inlet
inlier: (n) An area of older rocks surrounded by younger rocks, typically formed by erosion of part of the younger rock.; A value that fits a pattern, rather than being an outlier.
inly: (aj) Inward; interior; secret.(av) Inwardly, within; internally; secretly.; Heartily, completely, fully, thoroughly; extremely.
inmate: (n) A person confined to an institution such as a prison (as a convict) or hospital (as a patient).; A person who shares a residence (such as a hotel guest, a lodger, or a student living on campus), or other place.
inmesh: (v) Alternative spelling of immesh To enmesh; to catch as with meshes and nets; to ensnare.
inmost: (aj) The very deepest within; farthest from the surface or external part; innermost(n) That which is innermost; the core.
inn: (n) Any establishment where travellers can procure lodging, food, and drink.; A tavern.; One of the colleges (societies or buildings) in London, for students of the law barristers.; The town residence of a nobleman or distinguished person.; A place of shelter; hence, dwelling; habitation; residence; abode.(v) To house; to lodge.; To take lodging; to lodge.
Inn: (N) A right tributary of the Danube in Switzerland, Austria and Germany
innate: (aj) Inborn; existing or having existed since birth.; Originating in, or derived from, the constitution of the intellect, as opposed to acquired from experience.; Instinctive; coming from instinct.; Joined by the base to the very tip of a filament.(v) To cause to exist; to call into being.
inner: (aj) Being or occurring (farther) inside, situated farther in, located (situated) or happening on the inside of something, situated within or farther within contained within something.; Close to the centre, located near or closer to center.; Inside or closer to the inside of the body.; Of mind or spirit, relating to the mind or spirit, to spiritual or mental processes, mental, spiritual, relating to somebody's private feelings or happening in somebody's mind, existing as an often repressed part of one's psychological makeup.; Not obvious, private, not expressed, not apparent, hidden, less apparent, deeper, obscure; innermost or essential; needing to be examined closely or thought about in order to be seen or understood.; Privileged, more or most privileged, more or most influential, intimate, exclusive, more important, more intimate, private, secret, confined to an exclusive group, exclusive to a center; especially a center of influence being near a center especially of influence.(n) An inner part.; A duvet, excluding the cover.; A forward who plays in or near the center of the field.; A thin glove worn inside batting gloves or wicket-keeping gloves.; One who supports remaining in the European Union.; The 2nd circle on a target, between the bull (or bull's eye) and magpie.
Inner: (n) An inhabitant of the inner planets of the Solar System
inning: (n) A period of play in which members of a visiting baseball team attempt to hit a baseball pitched by the opposing home team until three players are called out, followed by a similar attempt by members of the home baseball team against the visiting team's pitching. There are nine or more innings in a regulation baseball game.; A similar period of play.; A player (or team)'s turn at the table to make shots until ended by a miss or a foul.; A chance or opportunity to perform some deed or act.; The gathering of a crop; harvesting.; Lands recovered from the sea.(v) present participle of inn
inns: (n) plural of inn(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of inn
inpour: (v) To pour in.
input: (n) The act or process of putting in; infusion.; That which is put in, as in an amount.; Contribution of work or information, as an opinion or advice.; Data fed into a process with the intention of it shaping or affecting the output of that process.; An input jack.(v) To put in; put on.; To enter data.; To accept data that is entered.
inroad: (n) An advance into enemy territory, an attempted invasion; an encroachment, an incursion.; Often followed by in, into, or on: initial progress made toward accomplishing a goal or solving a problem.(v) To make advances or incursions.; To make an inroad into (something).
inrush: (n) A crowding or flooding in.; The initial flow of electricity into a component when it is switched on.(v) To rush in.
ins: (n) plural of in(v) insert
INS: (n) Isolated neutron star.; Immigration and naturalization service.
Ins: (N) Short for Instagram.
insane: (aj) Exhibiting unsoundness or disorder of mind; not sane; mad; Used by, or appropriated to, insane persons; Causing insanity or madness.; Characterized by insanity or the utmost folly; ridiculous; impractical
insect: (n) An arthropod (in the Insecta class) characterized by six legs, up to four wings, and a chitinous exoskeleton.; Any small arthropod similar to an insect, including spiders, centipedes, millipedes, etc.; A contemptible or powerless person.
insert: (v) To put in between or into.(n) An image inserted into text.; A promotional or instructive leaflet inserted into a magazine, newspaper, tape or disk package, etc.; A mechanical component inserted into another.; An expression, such as "please" or an interjection, that may occur at various points in an utterance.; A sequence of DNA inserted into another DNA molecule.; A pre-recorded segment included as part of a live broadcast.; A close-up shot used to draw attention to a particular element of a larger scene.; A plug-in that adds an effect to an audio track.
Insert: (n) A key that when pressed switches between the overtype mode and the insert mode of a computer.
inset: (v) To set in; infix or implant.; To insert something.; To add an inset to something.(n) A smaller thing set into a larger thing, such as a small picture inside a larger one.; Anything inserted.; A small piece of material used to strengthen a garment.
inside: (n) The interior or inner part.; The left-hand side of a road if one drives on the left, or right-hand side if one drives on the right.; The side of a curved road, racetrack etc. that has the shorter arc length; the side of a racetrack nearer the interior of the course or some other point of reference.; (in the plural) The interior organs of the body, especially the guts.; A passenger within a coach or carriage, as distinguished from one upon the outside.; The inside scoop; information known only to certain involved people.(aj) Of or pertaining to the inner surface, limit or boundary.; Nearer to the interior or centre of something.; Originating from, arranged by, or being someone inside an organisation.; Legally married to or related to (e.g. born in wedlock to), and/or residing with, a specified other person (parent, child, or partner); (of a marriage, relationship, etc) existing between two such people.; Toward the batter as it crosses home plate.; At or towards or the left-hand side of the road if one drives on the left, or right-hand side if one drives on the right.(av) Within or towards the interior of something; within the scope or limits of something (a place), especially a building.; In or to prison.; Indoors.; Intimately, secretly; without expressing what one is feeling or thinking.(p) Within the interior of something, closest to the center or to a specific point of reference.; Within a period of time.
insist: (v) To hold up a claim emphatically.; To demand continually that something happen or be done.; To stand (on); to rest (upon); to lean (upon).
insole: (n) The inside sole of a shoe or other footwear.
inspan: (v) To yoke (oxen).; To bring or force into service.
instal: (v) Alternative spelling of install; To pay by instalments.
instar: (n) Any one of the several stages of postembryonic development which an arthropod undergoes, between molts, before it reaches sexual maturity.; An arthropod at a specified one of these stages of development.; A stage in development.(v) To stud or adorn with stars or other brilliants; to star.; To make a star of; set as a star.
instep: (n) The arched part of the top of the foot between the toes and the ankle.; A section of any footwear covering that part of the foot.; In horses, the hind leg from the ham to the pastern joint.
instil: (v) Alternative spelling of instill
insula: (n) A block of buildings in a Roman town.; A structure of the human brain located within the lateral sulcus.
insult: (v) To be insensitive, insolent, or rude to (somebody); to affront or demean (someone).; To assail, assault, or attack; (specifically, military) to carry out an assault, attack, or onset without preparation.; To behave in an obnoxious and superior manner (against or over someone).; To leap or trample upon.(n) Action or form of speech deliberately intended to be rude; (countable) a particular act or statement having this effect.; Something that causes offence (for example, by being of an unacceptable quality).; Something causing disease or injury to the body or bodily processes; the injury so caused.; An assault or attack; (specifically, military, obsolete) an assault, attack, or onset carried out without preparation.; An act of leaping upon.
insure: (v) To provide for compensation if some specified risk occurs. Often agreed by policy (contract) to offer financial compensation in case of an accident, theft or other undesirable event.; To deal in such contracts; subscribe to a policy of insurance; Alternative spelling of ensure; to make sure or certain of; guarantee.
intact: (aj) Left complete or whole; not touched, defiled, sullied or otherwise damaged; Of animals, not castrated: an intact bull.; Uncircumcised; commonly used by intactivists to describe a penis with a foreskin or a person whose penis has a foreskin.
intake: (n) The place where water, air or other fluid is taken into a pipe or conduit; opposed to outlet.; The beginning of a contraction or narrowing in a tube or cylinder.; The quantity taken in.; An act or instance of taking in.; The people taken into an organisation or establishment at a particular time.; The process of screening a juvenile offender to decide upon release or referral.; A tract of land enclosed.; Any kind of cheat or imposition; the act of taking someone in.(v) To take in or draw in; to bring in from outside.
intend: (v) To hope; to wish (something, or something to be accomplished); be intent upon; To fix the mind on; attend to; take care of; superintend; regard.; To stretch to extend; distend.; To strain; make tense.; To intensify; strengthen.; To apply with energy.; To bend or turn; direct, as one’s course or journey.; To design mechanically or artistically; fashion; mold.; To pretend; counterfeit; simulate.
intent: (n) A purpose; something that is intended.; The state of someone’s mind at the time of committing an offence.(aj) Firmly fixed or concentrated on something.; Engrossed.; Unwavering from a course of action.
inter: (v) To bury in a grave.; To confine, as in a prison.
Inter: (N) The Inter Milan football team
intern: (n) A person who is interned, forcibly or voluntarily.(v) To imprison somebody, usually without trial.; To confine or hold (foreign military personnel who stray into the state's territory) within prescribed limits during wartime.; To internalize.(aj) Internal.(n) A student or recent graduate who works in order to gain experience in their chosen field.; A medical student or recent graduate working in a hospital as a final part of medical training.(v) To work as an intern. Usually with little or no pay or other legal prerogatives of employment, for the purpose of furthering a program of education.
intima: (n) The innermost part of an anatomical structure, particularly a tubular one
intime: (aj) inward; internal; intimate
intine: (n) The innermost wall of a spore or pollen grain
into: (p) To or towards the inside of.; To or towards the region of.; Against, especially with force or violence.; Indicates transition into another form or substance.; After the start of.; Interested in or attracted to.; Expressing the operation of multiplication.; Expressing the operation of division, with the denominator given first. Usually with "goes".; Investigating the subject (of).
intone: (v) To give tone or variety of tone to; to vocalize.; To utter with a musical or prolonged note or tone; to speak or recite with singing voice; to chant.; To utter a tone; utter a protracted sound.
intort: (v) To twist in and out; to twine; to wreathe, wind, or wring.; To twist inwards.
intro: (n) An introduction.; The opening sequence at beginning of a film, television program, etc.; A small demo produced to promote one's demogroup or for a competition.(v) To introduce.
intuit: (v) To know intuitively or by immediate perception.
inulin: (n) A polysaccharide found in the roots and tubers of certain plants, especially the Compositae; it is mostly a polymer of fructose.
inure: (v) To cause someone to become accustomed to something that requires prolonged or repeated tolerance of one or more unpleasantries.; To take effect, to be operative.; To commit.
inured: (v) simple past tense and past participle of inure
inurn: (v) To place (the remains of a person who has died) in an urn or other container.; To hold or contain (the remains of a person who has died).
invade: (v) To move into.; To enter by force in order to conquer.; To infest or overrun.; To attack; to infringe; to encroach on; to violate.; To make an unwelcome or uninvited visit or appearance, usually with an intent to cause trouble or some other unpleasant situation.
invar: (n) An alloy of iron containing 35.5% nickel, and having a very low coefficient of expansion.
invent: (v) To design a new process or mechanism.; To create something fictional for a particular purpose.; To come upon; to find; to discover.
invert: (v) To turn (something) upside down or inside out; to place in a contrary order or direction.; To move (the root note of a chord) up or down an octave, resulting in a change in pitch.; To undergo inversion, as sugar.; To divert; to convert to a wrong use.; To turn (the foot) inwards.(n) A homosexual.; An inverted arch (as in a sewer). *; The base of a tunnel on which the road or railway may be laid and used when construction is through unstable ground. It may be flat or form a continuous curve with the tunnel arch.; The lowest point inside a pipe at a certain point.; An elevation of a pipe at a certain point along the pipe.; A skateboarding trick where the skater grabs the board and plants a hand on the coping so as to balance upside-down on the lip of a ramp.(aj) Subjected to the process of inversion; inverted; converted.(n) An invertebrate.
invest: (v) To spend money, time, or energy on something, especially for some benefit or purpose; used with in.; To clothe or wrap (with garments).; To put on (clothing).; To envelop, wrap, cover.; To commit money or capital in the hope of financial gain.; To ceremonially install someone in some office.; To formally give (someone) some power or authority.; To formally give (power or authority).; To surround, accompany, or attend.; To lay siege to.; To make investments.; To prepare for lost wax casting by creating an investment mold (a mixture of a silica sand and plaster).; To be involved in; to form strong attachments to.(n) An unnamed tropical weather pattern "to investigate" for development into a significant (named) system.
invite: (v) To ask for the presence or participation of someone or something.; To request formally.; To encourage.; To allure; to draw to; to tempt to come; to induce by pleasure or hope; to attract.(n) An invitation.
invoke: (v) To call upon (a person, a god) for help, assistance or guidance.; To solicit, petition for, appeal to a favorable attitude.; To call to mind (something) for some purpose.; To appeal for validation to a (notably cited) authority.; To conjure up with incantations.; To bring about as an inevitable consequence.; To cause (a program or subroutine) to execute.
inward: (aj) Situated on the inside; that is within, inner; belonging to the inside.; Not superficially obvious, inner, not expressed, especially relating to mental or spiritual faculties as opposed to external ones.; Moving or tending toward the inside.; Not directed toward the outside world, and thus quiet or indistinct.; Internal to a particular place or country; not foreign, domestic.; Secret, private, kept hidden.; Coming from one’s inmost or sincerest feelings; heartfelt, earnest.; Intimate, closely acquainted; familiar, close.; Devoted to spiritual matters, pious, devout.; Tame.; Internal; applied through the stomach by being swallowed.(av) Towards the inside.; Towards one’s mind, thoughts, or internal self.; On the inside, within, inside.; In one’s mind, thoughts, or internal self.(n) That which is inward or within; the inner parts or organs of the body; the viscera.; The mental faculties or other characteristics not immediately apparent.; A familiar friend or acquaintance.
inwrap: (v) Alternative form of enwrap
io: (n) A type of moth, the io moth.(i) An exclamation of joy or triumph.
Io: (N) The daughter of Inachus river god, and a lover of Zeus, turned by the latter into a heifer.; A moon of Jupiter, known for its volcanic activity, peppered with about 400 active volcanoes.; 85 Io, a main belt asteroid; the asteroid shares its name with the Jovian moon
iodate: (n) The anion IO₃⁻; Any salt of iodic acid.(v) To treat with iodine.
iodic: (aj) of, or relating to iodine or its compounds, especially those in which it has a valency of five
iodide: (n) A binary compound of iodine and another element or radical.
iodine: (n) A chemical element (symbol: I) with an atomic number of 53; one of the halogens.; An antiseptic incorporating the element.; An iodide.(v) to treat with iodine.
iodism: (n) iodine poisoning
iodize: (v) To treat or react with iodine.
iodous: (aj) Of, pertaining to, or containing iodine; Of or pertaining to iodous acid or its derivatives
iolite: (n) The clear variety of cordierite, sometimes used as a gem.
ion: (n) An atom or group of atoms bearing an electrical charge, such as the sodium and chlorine atoms in a salt solution.(ph) I don't.
Ion: (N) Son of Creusa and Xuthus, and the ancestor of Ionian people.; Ion of Chios, a Greek writer, dramatist, lyric poet and philosopher of the Pythagorean school(N) A surname, from Romanian.
Iona: (N) A small island in the Inner Hebrides, Scotland.; A female given name transferred from the place name, of mostly Scottish usage.; A small community in Nova Scotia, Canada.; A ghost town in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.; A census-designated place in Lee County, Florida.; A city in Bonneville County, Idaho.; An unincorporated community in Knox County, Indiana.; A city in Murray County, Minnesota.; An unincorporated community in Gloucester County, New Jersey.; An unincorporated community in Lyman County, South Dakota.
Ionia: (N) An Ancient Greek settlement on the west coast of Asia Minor inhabited by the Ionians, one of the four main Hellenic tribes.; A city in Iowa.; A city, the county seat of Ionia County, Michigan.; A village in Missouri.
Ionian: (aj) Relating to the Hellenic people of that name.; Ionic, of Ionia, the ancient (ca 1100 BC) region including western Asia Minor and the adjacent Aegean Islands occupied by the Ionian people.; Ionic; Relating to Io, one of the moons of the planet Jupiter(n) A member of the Ionians, one of the races of Ancient Greece.
ionic: (aj) of, relating to, or containing ions
Ionic: (aj) of or relating to Ionia or the Ionians; of an order of classical Greek architecture whose distinguishing feature is a capital with spiral volutes.; Of or relating to a kind of heavy-faced type.(N) A sub-dialect of the Attic-Ionic dialectal group of Ancient Greek consisting of Old Ionic and New Ionic.(n) A four-syllable metrical unit of light-light-heavy-heavy (‿ ‿ — —) that occurs in Ancient Greek and Latin poetry.
ionium: (n) The isotope of thorium ²³⁰₉₀Th
ioniums: (n) plural of ionium
ionize: (v) To dissociate atoms or molecules into electrically charged species; to be thus dissociated.
ionone: (n) Any of a series of closely related aromatic chemical substances that are part of a group of compounds known as rose ketones, including damascones and damascenones, found in a variety of essential oils.
ions: (n) plural of ion
Ions: (N) A patronymic surname, from given names.(N) plural of Ion
iota: (n) The ninth letter of the Greek alphabet.; A jot; a very small, insignificant quantity.
IOTA: (n) A bank account that earns interest and pays it to a third party, generally a charity; the principal is typically being held in escrow by the accountholder.
IOU: (ph) I owe you.(n) An informal promissory note that is not a negotiable instrument.
Iowa: (N) A state in the Midwestern region of the United States. Capital and largest city: Des Moines.; A tributary of the Mississippi River which flows through Iowa in a southeast direction.; A town in Calcasieu Parish, Louisiana.; University of Iowa.(n) One of the Native Americans formerly occupying the region now included in the state of Iowa.
ipecac: (n) The dried rhizome and roots of either of two tropical American plants (Cephaelis acuminata and Cephaelis ipecacuanha) of the madder family used especially as a source of emetine.; An emetic and expectorant drug that contains emetine and is prepared from ipecac especially as a syrup for use in treating accidental poisoning.; The shrub that produces ipecac (Cephaelis ipecacuanha), native to Brazil and cultivated elsewhere.
Ipoh: (N) The capital city of the state of Perak, Malaysia.
Iqbal: (N) A surname.
irade: (n) A decree issued by a Muslim ruler.
Iran: (N) A country in Western Asia. Official name: Islamic Republic of Iran.; regions inhabited by the Iranian peoples.
Iraq: (N) A country in the Middle East and Western Asia that borders on Iran, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Syria, and Turkey, having Baghdad as its capital; modern Republic of Iraq (since 1958).; An expansive historical region of medieval Western Asia, including not only the modern territories of Iraq but also large parts of western Iran (the so-called Persian Iraq).
Iraqi: (n) A person from Iraq or of Iraqi descent.(aj) Of, from, or pertaining to Persian Iraq.; Of, from, or pertaining to Iraq, or the Iraqi people.
irate: (aj) Extremely angry; wrathful; enraged.
ire: (n) Iron.(n) Great anger; wrath; keen resentment.(v) To anger; to fret; to irritate.
ireful: (aj) Deeply angered but not outwardly displaying it. Full of ire; angry; wroth.
irene: (n) The hydrocarbon formed by dehydration of an irone.
Irene: (N) Eirene, the Greek goddess of peace, one of the Horae/Horæ; equivalent to the Roman goddess Pax.; 14 Irene, a main belt asteroid.; A female given name from Ancient Greek, in regular use since the 19th century.; A city and town in South Dakota, United States.
irenic: (aj) Promoting or fitted to promote peace; conciliatory, non-confrontational; peaceful.
iridic: (aj) containing tetravalent iridium(aj) Of or relating to the iris of the eye.
iris: (n) A plant of the genus Iris, common in the northern hemisphere, and generally having attractive blooms (See Iris (plant) on Wikipedia.Wikipedia).; The contractile membrane perforated by the pupil, which adjusts to control the amount of light reaching the retina, and which forms the colored portion of the eye (See Iris (anatomy) on Wikipedia.Wikipedia).; A diaphragm used to regulate the size of a hole, especially as a way of controlling the amount of light reaching a lens.; A rainbow, or other colourful refraction of light.; A constricted opening in the path inside a waveguide, used to form a resonator.; The inner circle of an oscillated color spot.(v) To open or close in the manner of an iris.; To cause (something) to shine with the colours of the rainbow; to make iridescent.
Iris: (N) A messenger of the gods, and goddess of rainbows.; A female given name from Ancient Greek; a flower name used since the end of the 19th century.; 7 Iris, a main belt asteroid.
Irish: (N) The Gaelic language indigenous to Ireland, also known as Irish Gaelic.; The Irish people.; A surname.(n) A board game of the tables family.; Temper; anger, passion.; Whiskey, or whisky, elaborated in Ireland.(aj) Pertaining to or originating from Ireland or the Irish people.; Pertaining to the Irish language.; nonsensical, daft or complex.
iritis: (n) An inflammation of the iris.
iritises: (n) plural of iritis
irk: (v) to irritate; annoy; bother
Irk: (N) A river in Greater Manchester, England, which joins the River Irwell in Manchester city centre.
irked: (aj) Annoyed.(v) simple past tense and past participle of irk
iron: (n) A common, inexpensive metal, silvery grey when untarnished, that rusts, is attracted by magnets, and is used in making steel.; A metallic chemical element having atomic number 26 and symbol Fe.; Any material, not a steel, predominantly made of elemental iron.; A tool or appliance made of metal, which is heated and then used to transfer heat to something else; most often a thick piece of metal fitted with a handle and having a flat, roughly triangular bottom, which is heated and used to press wrinkles from clothing, and now usually containing an electrical heating apparatus.; Shackles.; A firearm, either a long gun or a handgun.; A dark shade of the colour/color silver.; A male homosexual.; A golf club used for middle-distance shots.; Used as a symbol of great strength or toughness, or to signify a very strong or tough material.; Weight used as resistance for the purpose of strength training.; A meteorite consisting primarily of metallic iron (mixed with a small amount of nickel), as opposed to one composed mainly of stony material.; A safety curtain in a theatre.; Dumb bombs, those without guidance systems.(aj) Made of the metal iron.; Strong (as of will), inflexible.(v) To pass an iron over (clothing or some other item made of cloth) in order to remove creases.; To shackle with irons; to fetter or handcuff.; To furnish or arm with iron.
Iron: (N) The 57th sura (chapter) of the Qur'an.(N) A group of Ossetians of the northern Caucasus who speak the Iron Ossetian dialect.(aj) Of or pertaining to the Iron people.
ironed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of iron
ironic: (aj) Characterized by or constituting (any kind of) irony.; Given to the use of irony; sarcastic.; Contrary or opposite to what may be expected.; Odd or coincidental; strange.
ironier: (adj) plural of irony
ironiest: (adj) plural of irony
irons: (n) plural of iron(n) shackles; A lack of forward motion.; The stirrups.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of iron
Irons: (N) A surname.
irony: (n) A statement that, when taken in context, may actually mean something different from, or the opposite of, what is written literally; the use of words expressing something other than their literal intention, often in a humorous context.; Dramatic irony: a theatrical effect in which the meaning of a situation, or some incongruity in the plot, is understood by the audience, but not by the characters in the play.; Ignorance feigned for the purpose of confounding or provoking an antagonist; Socratic irony.; The state of two usually unrelated entities, parties, actions, etc. being related through a common connection in an uncommon way.; Contradiction between circumstances and expectations; condition contrary to what might be expected.(aj) Of or pertaining to the metal iron.
irrupt: (v) To break into.; To enter forcibly or uninvited.; To rapidly increase or intensify.(v) Misspelling of erupt.
Irvine: (N) A river in Ayrshire, Scotland, which flows into the Firth of Clyde near the town of Irvine.; A town in North Ayrshire council area, Scotland (OS grid ref NS3238).; A hamlet in Alberta, Canada; A city in Orange County, California, United States.; An unincorporated community in Marion County, Florida, United States.; A city, the county seat of Estill County, Kentucky, United States.; An unincorporated community in Converse County, Wyoming, United States.; A surname, from Scottish Gaelic derived from the place name.; A male given name transferred from the surname.
Irving: (N) A surname, from Scottish Gaelic.; A male given name transferred from the surname. Often used by English-speaking Jews to anglicize Israel.; A city in Illinois; A city in Texas; A town in Wisconsin
is: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of be; Used in phrases with existential there when the semantic subject is a third-person plural.(n) Alternative form of i's.
Is: (n) plural of I
Isaac: (N) The son of Abraham and Sarah, father of Esau and Jacob, from whom the Hebrew people trace their descent.; A male given name from Hebrew.; A patronymic surname, from given names.
Isaiah: (N) A book of the Old Testament of the Bible, and of the Tanakh.; A prophet, the author of the Book of Isaiah.; A male given name from Hebrew.
isatin: (n) The indole derivative 1H-indole-2,3-dione, used in the synthesis of dyes.
Ischia: (N) An island in the Bay of Naples; The major town on this island
Iseult: (N) A female given name from the Germanic languages.
ish: (v) Pronunciation spelling of is.(av) somewhat, reasonably, fairly; about, approximately(n) The letter which stands for the sh sound /ʃ/ in Pitman shorthand.(n) An instalment of a periodical; an issue.(n) Shit.
Ish: (N) A diminutive of the male given name Ishmael.
Ishtar: (N) A goddess of fertility, love, sex and war. In the Babylonian pantheon, she was the divine personification of the planet Venus; the Assyrian and Babylonian counterpart to the Sumerian Inanna and to the northwest-Semitic goddess Astarte.
isis: (n) Any coral of the genus Isis, or family Isididae, composed of joints of white, stony coral, alternating with flexible, horny joints.
Isis: (N) An ancient Egyptian goddess, the wife of Osiris and mother of Horus, worshiped as the ideal mother and wife and as the matron of nature and magic.; 42 Isis, a main belt asteroid.; A female given name(N) The River Thames between its source and its confluence with the River Thame at Dorchester on Thames.(N) Alternative letter-case form of ISIS
ISIS: (N) A Sunni jihadist group active in Libya, Nigeria, Iraq and Syria, where it has proclaimed an (unrecognized) state.
Isla: (N) A female given name transferred from the place name. Coined in the twentieth century from an archaic spelling of Islay, an island in the Hebrides.; A river in eastern Scotland, tributary to the Tay.; A river in northeastern Scotland, tributary to the Spey.(N) A surname, from Spanish.
Islam: (N) A monotheistic Abrahamic religion followed by Muslims that is based on the teachings of Muhammad and the Qur'an.; A male given name
island: (n) A contiguous area of land, smaller than a continent, totally surrounded by water.; A contiguous area of land, smaller than a continent, partially surrounded by water; A peninsula; A half-island.; An entity surrounded by other entities that are very different from itself.; A superstructure on an aircraft carrier's deck.; A traffic island.; A roundabout; A traffic circle.; An unincorporated area wholly surrounded by one or more incorporated areas.; A phrase from which a wh-word cannot be extracted without yielding invalid grammar.(v) To surround with water; make into an island.; To set, dot (as if) with islands.; To isolate.
Island: (N) Long Island (in New York State); Vancouver Island; HM Prison Parkhurst, a prison on the Isle of Wight.
isle: (n) A (small) island, compare with islet.(n) Obsolete spelling of aisle
Isle: (N) A city in Minnesota.; A river in Somerset, England, which flows into the River Parrett.; A river in southwestern France, which flows into the Dordogne.
isles: (n) plural of isle
islet: (n) A small island; An isolated piece of tissue that has a specific function
islets: (n) plural of islet
isling: (v) plural of isle
ism: (n) An ideology, system of thought, or practice that can be described by a word ending in -ism.; A form of discrimination, such as racism or sexism.
isobar: (n) A line drawn on a map or chart connecting places of equal or constant pressure.; A set of points or conditions at constant pressure.; Either of two nuclides of different elements having the same mass number.
Isolde: (N) A female given name of Celtic or Germanic origin
isomer: (n) Any of two or more compounds with the same molecular formula but with different structure.; Any of two or more atomic nuclei with the same mass number and atomic number but with different radioactive properties.
isopod: (n) Any of very many crustaceans, of the order Isopoda, that have a flattened body and no carapace.
Israel: (N) The State of Israel, a modern country in the Middle East, at the eastern shore of the Mediterranean.; The Land of Israel, the ancestral homeland of the Jewish people, a region that is roughly coextensive with the State of Israel.; An ancient kingdom that occupied roughly the same area in ancient times.; An ancient kingdom that occupied the northern part of this area, as distinct from Judah.; The Jews, taken collectively.; A male given name from Hebrew, notably borne by Jacob (after Genesis 32:28).; A surname.
issue: (n) The action or an instance of flowing or coming out, an outflow; A movement of soldiers towards an enemy, a sortie.; The action or an instance of flowing or coming out, an outflow; The outflow of a bodily fluid, particularly (now rare) in abnormal amounts.; Someone or something that flows out or comes out; The bodily fluid drained through a natural or artificial issue.; Someone or something that flows out or comes out; Offspring: one's natural child or children.; Someone or something that flows out or comes out; Progeny: all one's lineal descendants.; Someone or something that flows out or comes out; A race of people considered as the descendants of some common ancestor.; Someone or something that flows out or comes out; The produce or income derived from farmland or rental properties.; Someone or something that flows out or comes out; Income derived from fines levied by a court or law-enforcement officer; the fines themselves.; Someone or something that flows out or comes out; The entrails of a slaughtered animal.; Someone or something that flows out or comes out; Any action or deed performed by a person.; Someone or something that flows out or comes out; Luck considered as the favor or disfavor of nature, the gods, or God.; Someone or something that flows out or comes out; A single edition of a newspaper or other periodical publication.; Someone or something that flows out or comes out; The entire set of some item printed and disseminated during a certain period, particularly (publishing) a single printing of a particular edition of a work when contrasted with other print runs.; Someone or something that flows out or comes out; The entire set of something; all of something.; Someone or something that flows out or comes out; Any financial instrument issued by a company.; Someone or something that flows out or comes out; The loan of a book etc. from a library to a patron; all such loans by a given library during a given period.; The means or opportunity by which something flows or comes out, particularly; A sewer.; The place where something flows or comes out, an outlet; An exit from a room or building.; The place where something flows or comes out, an outlet; A confluence: the mouth of a river; the outlet of a lake or other body of water.; The action or an instance of sending something out; A small incision, tear, or artificial ulcer, used to drain fluid and usually held open with a pea or other small object.; The action or an instance of sending something out; The production or distribution of something for general use.; The action or an instance of sending something out; The distribution of something (particularly rations or standardized provisions) to someone or some group.; The action or an instance of sending something out; The action or an instance of a company selling bonds, stock, or other securities.; Any question or situation to be resolved; A point of law or fact in dispute or question in a legal action presented for resolution by the court.; Any question or situation to be resolved; Anything in dispute, an area of disagreement whose resolution is being debated or decided.; Any question or situation to be resolved; A dispute between two alternatives, a dilemma.; Any question or situation to be resolved; A psychological or emotional difficulty, (now informal, figuratively and usually euphemistic) any problem or concern considered as a vague and intractable difficulty.; The action or an instance of concluding something; The end of any action or process.; The action or an instance of concluding something; The end of any period of time.; The end result of an event or events, any result or outcome; The result of a discussion or negotiation, an agreement.; The end result of an event or events, any result or outcome; The result of an investigation or consideration, a conclusion.; The action or an instance of feeling some emotion.; The action or an instance of leaving any state or condition.(v) To flow out, to proceed from, to come out or from.; To rush out, to sally forth.; To extend into, to open onto.; To turn out in a certain way, to result in.; To end up as, to turn out being, to become as a result.; To come to a point in fact or law on which the parties join issue.; To send out; to put into circulation.; To deliver for use.; To deliver by authority.
Issue: (n) A Monacan Indian; a member of a Mestee group originating in Amherst County, Virginia.
issued: (v) simple past tense and past participle of issue.
issues: (n) plural of issue(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of issue
Issues: (n) plural of Issue
istle: (n) Alternative form of ixtle
it: (P) The third-person singular personal pronoun used to refer to an inanimate object, abstract entity, or non-human living thing.; A third-person singular personal pronoun used to refer to a baby or child, especially of unknown gender.; A third-person singular personal pronoun used to refer to an animate referent who is transgender or is neither female nor male.; Used to refer to someone being identified, often on the phone, but not limited to this situation.; The impersonal pronoun, used without referent as the subject of an impersonal verb or statement (known as the dummy pronoun, dummy it or weather it).; The impersonal pronoun, used without referent, or with unstated but contextually implied referent, in various short idioms or expressions.; Referring to a desirable quality or ability, or quality of being successful, fashionable or in vogue.; The impersonal pronoun, used without referent, or with unstated but contextually implied referent, in various short idioms or expressions.; Referring to sexual intercourse or other sexual activity.; Sex appeal, especially that which goes beyond physical appearance.; The impersonal pronoun, used as a placeholder for a delayed subject, or less commonly, object; known as the dummy pronoun (according to some definitions), anticipatory it or, more formally in linguistics, a syntactic expletive. The delayed subject is commonly a to-infinitive, a gerund, or a noun clause introduced by a subordinating conjunction.; All or the end; something after which there is no more.; Followed by an omitted and understood relative pronoun: That which; what.(d) Its.(n) One who is neither a he nor a she; a creature; a dehumanized being.; The person who chases and tries to catch the other players in the playground game of tag.; The game of tag.; Alternative letter-case form of It (“force in the vitalist approach of Georg Groddeck”); Alternative letter-case form of It (“the id”)(aj) Most fashionable, popular, or in vogue.
It: (N) Alternative form of It.: abbreviation of Italy.; Alternative form of It.: abbreviation of Italian. (language)(n) A biological force that inhabits living beings, according to the vitalist approach of Georg Groddeck.; The Id, in Freudian psychology.; Alternative letter-case form of it (“desirable quality; quality of being successful, fashionable, in vogue”)
ita: (n) A kind of palm tree (Mauritia flexuosa), growing near the Orinoco.
italic: (aj) Designed to resemble a handwriting style developed in Italy in the 16th century.; Having letters that slant or lean to the right; oblique.(n) A typeface in which the letters slant to the right.; An oblique handwriting style, such as used by Italian calligraphers of the Renaissance.
Italic: (aj) Of or relating to the Italian peninsula.; Pertaining to a subfamily of the Centum branch of the Indo-European language family, that includes Latin and other languages (as Oscan, Umbrian) spoken by the peoples of ancient Italy and also the Romance languages (Italian, French, Spanish, etc.); the group of ancient languages of this branch as contrasted with the modern Romance languages; Osco-Umbrian; Pertaining to various peoples that lived in Italy before the establishment of the Roman Empire, or to any of several alphabet systems used by those peoples for writing their languages.(N) An Italic language.
Italy: (N) A country in southern Europe. Official name: Italian Republic.; Synonym of Apennine Peninsula
itch: (n) A sensation felt on an area of the skin that causes a person or animal to want to scratch said area.; A constant teasing desire or want.(v) To feel itchy; to feel a need to be scratched.; To have a constant, teasing urge; to feel strongly motivated; to want or desire something.; To cause to feel an itch.; To scratch or rub so as to relieve an itch.
itched: (v) simple past tense and past participle of itch
itchy: (aj) Characterized by itching.; Feeling an itching sensation; feeling a need to be scratched.; Causing an itching sensation.; In a state of agitation; easily alarmed.; Having a constant, teasing desire (for something, to do something); impatiently eager.; Causing a constant, teasing desire for something.; Feeling or showing a high level of sexual interest.
item: (n) A distinct physical object.; An object that can be picked up for later use.; A line of text having a legal or other meaning; a separate particular in an account.; A question on a test, which may include its answers.; A matter for discussion in an agenda.; Two people who are having a relationship with each other.; A short article in a newspaper.; A hint; an innuendo.(v) To make a note of.(av) likewise
items: (n) plural of item(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of item
Ithaca: (N) An island in the Ionian Sea, Greece; according to the legend Odysseus was its king.; A community in Georgia, United States.; A city, the county seat of Gratiot County, Michigan.; A village in Nebraska.; A city, the county seat of Tompkins County, New York.; A town in Tompkins County, New York, surrounding the city of the same name.; A village in Ohio.; A town in Wisconsin.
Ito: (N) A surname, from Japanese. The 6th most common surname in Japan.
its: (d) Belonging to it.(ab) Misspelling of it's.(P) The one (or ones) belonging to it.(n) plural of it
itself: (P) it; A thing as the object of a verb or preposition that also appears as the subject; it; used to intensify the subject, especially to emphasize that it is the only participant in the predicate; it; used to refer back to an earlier subject
ive: (ab) Misspelling of I've.
Ive: (N) A surname.; A diminutive of the female given name Ivy
Ives: (N) A patronymic surname, from given names.
ivied: (aj) Overgrown with ivy or another climbing plant.
ivorier: (adj) plural of ivory
ivoriest: (adj) plural of ivory
ivory: (n) The hard white form of dentin which forms the tusks of elephants, walruses and other animals.; A creamy white color, the color of ivory.; Something made from or resembling ivory.; The teeth.; The keys of a piano.; A white person.; A die (object bearing numbers, thrown in games of chance).(aj) Made of ivory.; Resembling or having the colour of ivory.
Ivory: (N) A surname, from Old French.; A male given name from English.; A female given name from English.
ivy: (n) Any of several woody, climbing, or trailing evergreen plants of the genus Hedera.; Any similar plant of any genus.
Ivy: (N) A female given name from English; popular in the UK in the beginning of the 20th century.; A surname.(n) A university that is part of the Ivy League.(N) Diminutive of Ive
iwis: (av) Certainly, surely, indeed.
ixia: (n) Any of the genus Ixia of cormous plants native to South Africa.
Ixion: (N) King of Lapiths, who was punished by Zeus for trying to seduce Hera by being bound to a winged fiery wheel that was always spinning.; A Kuiper belt object (KBO), 28978 Ixion (provisional designation 2001 KX₇₆), once thought to be a possible dwarf planet.
ixtle: (n) A variety of Agave angustifolia var. angustifolia (syn. Agave rigida), furnishing a strong coarse fiber.; The fiber itself; pita, or Tampico fiber.
izard: (n) The Pyrenean chamois, Rupicapra pyrenaica.
Izard: (N) A surname, from French.
Izmir: (N) A major Turkish port city situated midway along the western Anatolian seaboard, geographically continuous with the ancient city of Smyrna.
izzard: (n) The letter Z; zed, zee.
Izzard: (N) A surname.
