k: (C) The eleventh letter of the English alphabet, called kay and written in the Latin script.; The first letter of callsigns allocated to American broadcast television and radio stations west of the Mississippi river.(0) The ordinal number eleventh, derived from this letter of the English alphabet, called kay and written in the Latin script.(n) A kilobyte (more formally KB or kB).; A kilobit (more formally kb), especially in measuring Internet connection.; kilometre or kilometres.; thousand or thousands.; The SI measurement value of 1,000(i) OK
K: (C) The eleventh letter of the English alphabet, called kay and written in the Latin script.(0) The ordinal number eleventh, derived from this letter of the English alphabet, called kay and written in the Latin script.(n) A single character message used as an acknowledgement (ACK), meaning "previous message received and understood."; Short for OK.(i) OK
ka: (n) A spiritual part of the soul in Egyptian mythology, which survived after death.(v) To serve or help; used only in the phrase "Ka me, ka thee" or variants thereof.
Kaaba: (N) The small and nearly cubical stone building in Mecca, holiest place of Islam, and also holy to pre-Islamic Arabian religions.
kab: (n) Alternative form of cab: a former Hebrew unit of volume.
kabob: (n) US spelling of kebab(v) US spelling of kebab
kabuki: (n) A form of Japanese theatre in which elaborately costumed male performers use stylized movements, dances, and songs in order to enact tragedies and comedies.; A stylized, pretentious, and often hollow performance; (especially) political posturing.
Kabuki: (n) Alternative letter-case form of kabuki
kabukis: (n) plural of kabuki
Kabul: (N) The capital and largest city of Afghanistan.; A province of Afghanistan.
Kabyle: (n) A member of a Berber ethnic group inhabiting Algeria and Tunisia, speaking the Kabyle language.(aj) Pertaining to these people or their language.(N) A Northern Berber language of the Berber branch of the Afroasiatic language family, spoken by over 3,000,000 people in Algeria; native name Taqbaylit.
kadi: (n) Alternative spelling of qadi
kaffir: (n) In Islamic contexts, a non-Muslim.; A member of the Nguni people of southern Africa, especially a Xhosa.; A black person.; A language spoken by the Nguni peoples of southern Africa, especially Xhosa.; South African mining shares
Kaffir: (n) Alternative letter-case form of kaffir
kafir: (n) A disbeliever, a denier: someone who rejects or disbelieves in God as per Islam (Arabic: الله Allāh) or the tenets of Islam; or more broadly any non-Muslim.
Kafir: (N) The Nuristani language family.; Alternative spelling of Kaffir
Kafka: (N) A surname, from German.; Franz Kafka (1883–1924), a German-language writer from Prague.
kaftan: (n) A long tunic worn in the Eastern Mediterranean.; A long dress or shirt similar in style to those worn in the Eastern Mediterranean.
kagu: (n) A New Caledonian endemic bird species, Rhynochetos jubatus, the only surviving member of the family Rhynochetidae.
Kahn: (N) A surname, from German.
kai: (n) food
Kai: (N) A male given name from the Germanic languages of modern usage.; A female given name of modern usage.
kaiak: (n) Obsolete spelling of kayak(v) Obsolete spelling of kayak
kaif: (n) Alternative spelling of kif
kaifs: (n) plural of kaif
kail: (n) Alternative form of kale.; Any cabbage, greens, or vegetables.; A broth made with kale or other vegetables; hence, any broth; also, a dinner.
Kail: (N) A surname.
kain: (n) poultry, etc., required by the lease to be paid in kind by a tenant to the landlord.
Kain: (N) A surname, from Irish, variant of Kane.
kaing: (v) plural of ka
kais: (n) plural of kai
kaiser: (n) Alternative form of Kaiser.
Kaiser: (n) An emperor of a German-speaking country, particularly the Holy Roman Empire (962–1806), the Austrian Empire (1806–1918), or the German Empire (1871–1918) — often specifically Wilhelm II.; Any emperor or autocrat, or one who attempts to be one.; A Kaiser roll.(N) A surname.
kaka: (n) Any of four taxa of birds in the genus Nestor in the parrot family confined to New Zealand and adjacent islands.
kakapo: (n) A large flightless parrot, Strigops habroptila, with greenish plumage, that is nocturnal and native to New Zealand.
kaki: (n) a persimmon, more specifically the Japanese persimmon (Diospyros kaki).(aj) Misspelling of khaki.
kale: (n) An edible plant, similar to cabbage, with curled leaves that do not form a dense head (Brassica oleracea var. acephala); Any of several cabbage-like food plants that are kinds of Brassica oleracea.; Broth containing kale as a chief ingredient.; Money.
Kale: (N) Daughter of Zeus.; A moon of Jupiter.
kali: (n) The prickly glasswort (Kali turgidum, syn. of Salsola kali).; Alkali, particularly soda ash or potash.(n) Traditional Philippine stick fighting, a martial art.(n) A type of British crystalline sweet or candy, similar in appearance to sherbet but made with larger sugar crystals.
Kali: (N) A goddess in Hinduism, one of the most significant figures within that religion, who destroys evil forces and bestows liberation.; A male demon, lord of Kali Yuga and the nemesis of Kalki, tenth Avatar of Vishnu.; A female given name from Sanskrit used especially in India.(N) A potassium salt.
kalian: (aj) Describing minerals containing potassium(n) A hookah.
kalif: (n) Alternative spelling of caliph; A rank in the Ku Klux Klan
kalmia: (n) Any plant in the taxonomic genus Kalmia.
kalong: (n) A fruit bat, especially the Indian edible fruit bat or black-eared flying fox (Pteropus melanotus).
kalpa: (n) A period of 4.32 billion years (1000 chatur-yugas or cycles of the four yugas).
kalpak: (n) Alternative spelling of calpack
kam: (aj) crooked, awry(aj) weird; awkward
kama: (n) A sickle-like weapon, originally used as a tool for cutting weeds.(n) The act or process of wishing; longing, desire (with or without sexual connotations); one of the goals of life in Hindu tradition.
Kama: (N) A major river in Russia, the longest left tributary of the Volga.(N) The Hindu god of love, Kamadeva
kamala: (n) Nelumbo nucifera, a lotus plant.; Mallotus philippensis, a plant in the spurge family.; An orange dyestuff obtained from that plant.
Kamala: (N) An epithet of the Hindu goddess Lakshmi.; A female given name from Sanskrit, of mainly Indian usage.
kame: (n) A round hill or short ridge of sand or gravel deposited by a melting glacier.
kami: (n) An animistic God or spirit in the Shinto religion of Japan.; The metaphysical causal generator of motion, life, or divinish aura.(n) A basic origami paper, usually printed with a colour or pattern on one side.
Kami: (n) An ethnic and linguistic group in Morogoro Region, Tanzania.(N) A Bantu language of Tanzania.; A Niger-Congo language of Nigeria.
kana: (n) The hiragana and katakana syllabaries. These are made up of characters that represent individual syllables, which are are used to write Japanese words and particles. Kana are derived from kanji.; A hiragana or katakana character.
Kana: (N) A Japanese female given name from Japanese(N) A surname.
kanaka: (n) A person of Hawaiian descent.; A South Pacific Islander, especially a labourer in Australia or Canada.
kandy: (n) Alternative form of candy (Indian unit of mass)
Kandy: (N) A city in Sri Lanka.
kanji: (n) The system of writing Japanese using Chinese characters.; Any individual Chinese character as used in the Japanese language.
Kanji: (N) Alternative letter-case form of kanji
Kansas: (N) A state of the mid United States. Capital: Topeka.; University of Kansas.
Kant: (N) A surname, from German.; Immanuel Kant, a German philosopher.(N) A city in Kyrgyzstan
kantar: (n) a unit of weight used in Eastern Mediterranean countries, varying from place to place (44.93 kg in Egypt)
Kanted: (v) plural Kant
kanten: (n) agar
kantens: (n) plural of kanten
Kanting: (v) plural Kant
Kants: (v) plural Kant
kanzu: (n) A white or cream-coloured robe worn by men in the African Great Lakes region.
kaolin: (n) A fine clay, rich in kaolinite, used in ceramics, paper-making, etc.
kaon: (n) any of four unstable subatomic particles, mesons, they are a combination of a strange quark or antiquark and either an up or down quark or antiquark
kaph: (n) The eleventh letter of many Semitic alphabets/abjads (Phoenician, Aramaic, Hebrew, Syriac, Arabic and others).
kapok: (n) A silky fibre obtained from seed pods of the silk-cotton tree (Ceiba pentandra) used for insulation and stuffing for mattresses, pillows, etc.; The silk-cotton tree (Ceiba pentandra).; The cotton tree, Malabar silk-cotton tree, or red silk-cotton tree (Bombax ceiba).
kappa: (n) The tenth letter of the Greek alphabet.; A measurement of the sensitivity of the value of an option to changes in the implied volatility of the price of the underlying asset.(n) A tortoise-like demon or imp.
Kappa: (n) An emote, often used as a postscript, to indicate that the preceding statement is sarcastic or false.(i) Used to indicate sarcasm in imitation of Kappa as used on Twitch.tv
kaput: (aj) Out of order; not working.
karat: (n) A unit of fineness or concentration of gold equalling 1/24 part of gold in an alloy.
karate: (n) An Okinawan martial art involving primarily punching and kicking, but additionally, advanced throws, arm bars, grappling and all means of fighting.(v) To attack (somebody or something) with karate or similar techniques.
karen: (n) Alternative letter-case form of Karen (“(derogatory) any person, especially female, exhibiting an exaggerated sense of entitlement”)
Karen: (N) A female given name from Ancient Greek.(n) A middle-aged white woman exhibiting a sense of entitlement or white privilege.; Any person, especially female, exhibiting an exaggerated sense of entitlement.(N) One of the seven great Parthian feudal families.; A transliteration of the Armenian male given name Կարեն (Karen).(n) A member of a diverse ethnic group originating in Myanmar and Thailand.(N) A group of Sino-Tibetan languages spoken by people of the Karen ethnic group, also called Karenic.; Former name of Kayin (“state (administrative division) of Myanmar”).
karma: (n) The sum total of a person's actions, which determine the person's next incarnation in samsara, the cycle of death and rebirth.; A force or law of nature which causes one to reap what one sows; destiny; fate.; A distinctive feeling, aura, or atmosphere.; A score assigned to a user or post on a discussion forum, indicating popularity or perceived value.
Karnak: (N) temple complex in Egypt, located on the site of the ancient Thebes.
kaross: (n) A treated animal-skin cloak or blanket with the hair still left on.
karst: (n) A type of land formation, usually with many caves formed through the dissolving of limestone by underground drainage.
Karst: (N) A mountainous region in northeastern Italy and southwestern Slovenia.
kas: (n) plural of ka
kasha: (n) A porridge made from boiled buckwheat groats, or sometimes from other cereal groats.(n) A kind of dry curry from Bengal.
kasher: (v) To render kosher.; to remove excess blood from by washing and salting; To render kosher.; to remove traces of non-kosher substances from by cleaning, heating, etc.
Kassel: (N) A city in Hesse, central Germany, south-southwest of Hanover.
kat: (n) An ancient Egyptian unit of weight, one fiftieth of an avoirdupois pound.(n) Alternative spelling of khat
Kat: (N) A short form of the female given names Katharine and Katherine.
kata: (n) Any of a sequence of positions and movements used in many martial arts.; Ellipsis of code kata, a short programming exercise to improve one's skills through practice and repetition.(n) Ellipsis of kata thermometer.; A drop (in temperature).(av) In a direction analogous to down, but along the additional axis added by the fourth dimension.(n) Alternative form of gata (“type of Armenian pastry”)
kauri: (n) A conifer of the genus Agathis, family Araucariaceae, found in Australasia and Melanesia.; Agathis australis, a large conifer of the family Araucariaceae.; A resinous product of the kauri tree, found in the form of yellow or brown lumps in the ground where the trees have grown. It is used for making varnish, and as a substitute for amber.(n) Alternative form of cowrie
kava: (n) A plant from the South Pacific, Piper methysticum.; An intoxicating beverage made from the kava plant.
kay: (n) The name of the Latin-script letter K.; A kilometer.; A thousand of some unit (from kilo-).; Dated form of cay.
Kay: (N) A surname, from Middle English derived from several Old and Middle English words; also adopted by immigrants whose surnames began with a K.; A male given name from Welsh derived from the surnames, or from a rare medieval given name (as the Sir Kay of Arthurian legend), Welsh Cai, Latinized as Caius, related to the modern male name Kai.; A short form of Katherine and other female names beginning with a "K"; popular as a middle name.
kayak: (n) A type of small boat, covered over by a surface deck, powered by the occupant or occupants using a double-bladed paddle in a sitting position, from a hole in the surface deck(v) To use a kayak, to travel or race in a kayak.; To traverse (a body of water) by kayak.
kayo: (n) A knockout.(v) To knock someone out, or render them unconscious or senseless.
Kazak: (n) Alternative form of Kazakh, standard spelling for the Chinese nationality.
kazoo: (n) A simple musical instrument (a membranophone) consisting of a pipe with a hole in it, producing a buzzing sound when the player hums into it.(v) To play the kazoo.
KC: (N) Kansas City(n) Compatibility Decomposition followed by Canonical Composition
kea: (n) Nestor notabilis, a parrot of New Zealand.
Keats: (N) A patronymic surname, from nicknames.; John Keats (1795–1821), English poet and key figure of the Romantic movement.
kebab: (n) A dish of pieces of meat, fish, or vegetables roasted on a skewer or spit, especially a doner kebab.; A hand-held dish consisting of pieces of meat roasted on an upright skewer mixed with fresh vegetables and sauces and rolled up in a round piece of unleavened bread.; A shish kebab or any other food on a skewer.; The outward growing portions of a shish kebab structure.; A Muslim, usually of southern European, Middle Eastern, or North African descent.; The vulva.; menu icon of three vertical dots(v) To roast in the style of a kebab; To stab or skewer
Keble: (N) A surname.; Ellipsis of Keble College, Oxford.
keck: (v) To heave or retch as if to vomit.(n) The cow parsley (Anthriscus sylvestris).(n) animal dung
Keck: (N) A surname.
ked: (n) Any of the family Hippoboscidae of obligate parasites, especially the sheep ked, Melophagus ovinus.
keddah: (n) An elephant trap; an enclosure constructed to entrap wild elephants.
kedge: (n) A small anchor used for warping a vessel; also called a kedge anchor.; A glutton.(v) To warp (a vessel) by carrying out a kedge in a boat, dropping it overboard, and hauling the vessel up to it.; To move with the help of a kedge, as described above.
keef: (n) Alternative spelling of kif
Keef: (N) A surname.
keefs: (n) plural of keef
keek: (v) To peek; peep.(n) A look, especially a quick one; a peek.
keel: (n) A large beam along the underside of a ship’s hull from bow to stern.; A rigid, flat piece of material anchored to the lowest part of the hull of a ship to give it greater control and stability.; In a dirigible, a construction similar in form and use to a ship's keel; in an aeroplane, a fin or fixed surface employed to increase stability and to hold the machine to its course.; A type of flat-bottomed boat.; The periphery of a whorl extended to form a more or less flattened plate; a prominent spiral ridge.; The two lowest petals of the corolla of a papilionaceous flower, united and enclosing the stamens and pistil; a carina.; A brewer's cooling vat.(v) to collapse, to fall; To traverse with a keel; to navigate.; To turn up the keel; to show the bottom.; to cool by stirring or skimming in order to keep from boiling over(n) Red chalk; ruddle.(v) To mark with ruddle.(v) Pronunciation spelling of kill.
keels: (n) plural of keel; Alternative form of kayles(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of keel
Keels: (N) A town in Newfoundland and Labrador
keen: (aj) Often with a prepositional phrase, or with to and an infinitive: showing a quick and ardent responsiveness or willingness; eager, enthusiastic, interested.; Fierce, intense, vehement.; Having a fine edge or point; sharp.; Acute of mind, having or expressing mental acuteness; penetrating, sharp.; Acrimonious, bitter, piercing.; Of cold, wind, etc.: cutting, penetrating, piercing, sharp.; Of prices, extremely low as to be competitive.; Marvelous.; Brave, courageous; audacious, bold.(v) To make cold, to sharpen.(n) A prolonged wail for a deceased person.(v) To utter a keen.; To utter with a loud wailing voice or wordless cry.; To mourn.
Keen: (N) A surname.
keener: (aj) comparative form of keen: more keen(n) One who keens at a funeral.; Someone who is excessively keen or eager, possibly making others look bad; a brown-noser.
Keener: (N) A surname.
keenly: (av) In a keen manner.
keep: (v) To continue in (a course or mode of action); not to intermit or fall from; to uphold or maintain.; To remain faithful to a given promise or word.; To hold the status of something.; To maintain possession of.; To hold the status of something.; To maintain the condition of; to preserve in a certain state.; To hold the status of something.; To record transactions, accounts, or events in.; To hold the status of something.; To enter (accounts, records, etc.) in a book.; To hold the status of something.; To remain in, to be confined to.; To hold the status of something.; To restrain.; To hold the status of something.; To watch over, look after, guard, protect.; To hold the status of something.; To supply with necessities and financially support a person.; To hold the status of something.; To raise; to care for.; To hold the status of something.; To maintain (an establishment or institution); to conduct; to manage.; To hold the status of something.; To have habitually in stock for sale.; To hold or be held in a state.; To reside for a time; to lodge; to dwell.; To hold or be held in a state.; To continue.; To hold or be held in a state.; To remain edible or otherwise usable.; To hold or be held in a state.; To remain in a state.; To wait for, keep watch for.; To act as wicket-keeper.; To take care; to be solicitous; to watch.; To be in session; to take place.; To observe; to adhere to; to fulfill; not to swerve from or violate.; To visit (a place) often; to frequent.; To observe or celebrate (a holiday).(n) The main tower of a castle or fortress, located within the castle walls.; The food or money required to keep someone alive and healthy; one's support, maintenance.; The act or office of keeping; custody; guard; care; heed; charge; notice.; The state of being kept; hence, the resulting condition; case.; That which is kept in charge; a charge.; A cap for holding something, such as a journal box, in place.
Keep: (N) A surname.
keeper: (n) One who keeps something.; A person or thing worth keeping.; A person charged with guarding or caring for, storing, or maintaining something; a custodian, a guard; sometimes a gamekeeper.; The player charged with guarding a goal or wicket. Short form of goalkeeper, wicketkeeper.; A part of a mechanism that catches or retains another part, for example the part of a door lock that fits in the frame and receives the bolt.; An offensive play in which the quarterback runs toward the goal with the ball after it is snapped.; One who remains or keeps in a place or position.; A fruit or vegetable that keeps for some time without spoiling.; Synonym of armature (“piece of metal connecting the poles of a magnet to preserve its strength by forming a circuit”)
Keeper: (N) An English surname, from occupations for the keeper of a castle.
keeps: (n) plural of keep(n) keeping(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of keep
Keeps: (N) plural of Keep
kef: (n) Alternative spelling of kif
kefs: (n) plural of kef
keg: (n) A round, traditionally wooden container of lesser capacity than a barrel, often used to store beer.(v) To store in a keg.
kegler: (n) A ten-pin bowling player or enthusiast.
Kegler: (N) A surname.
kegs: (n) plural of keg; Alternative spelling of kecks(n) Underpants.; Trousers (pants).
keller: (n) A beer cellar in Germany or Austria
Keller: (N) A surname.
kelly: (n) A square or hexagonal pipe that is turned in order to rotate the rotary table of a drilling rig.
Kelly: (N) A surname, from Irish, Anglicised from the Irish Ó Ceallaigh.; A male given name transferred from the surname.; A female given name transferred from the surname, popular from the 1960s to the 1990s.
keloid: (n) A hard raised growth of scar tissue at the site of an injury.(v) To form a keloid.
kelp: (n) Any of several large brown seaweeds (order Laminariales).; The calcined ashes of seaweed, formerly used in glass and iodine manufacture.(v) To gather kelp.
kelpie: (n) A malevolent shapeshifting spirit, most often in the form of a horse, believed to haunt the rivers and lochs of Scotland.; An Australian breed of sheepdog.
kelson: (n) Alternative spelling of keelson
Kelson: (N) A surname.
kelt: (n) A thin, recently spawned iteroparous salmon.(n) Pronunciation spelling of kilt.(n) Cloth with the nap, generally of native black wool.
Kelt: (n) Obsolete spelling of Celt
kelter: (n) Archaic form of kilter (“(good) condition, form, or order; fettle”).
kelvin: (n) In the International System of Units, the base unit of thermodynamic temperature; ¹⁄_(273.16) of the thermodynamic temperature of the triple point of water. Shown as "K".; A unit interval on the Kelvin scale.; A unit for a specific temperature on the Kelvin scale.
Kelvin: (N) A river which flows through Glasgow council area, Scotland, to the River Clyde.; A surname, from Scottish Gaelic.; A male given name transferred from the surname, of rather rare usage.(n) Alternative letter-case form of kelvin
ken: (v) To give birth, conceive, beget, be born; to develop (as a fetus); to nourish, sustain (as life).(v) To know, perceive or understand.; To discover by sight; to catch sight of; to descry.(n) Knowledge, perception, or sight.; Range of sight.(n) A house, especially a den of thieves.(n) Youth or children's group.(n) A Japanese unit of length equal to six shakus
Ken: (N) A diminutive of the male given name Kenneth.; Kensington in London (in combinations, e.g. South Ken, High Street Ken).
kenaf: (n) Hibiscus cannabinus, an annual or biennial herbaceous plant found mainly in Asia.; The fibre obtained from this plant, similar to jute.
kenafs: (n) plural of kenaf
kendo: (n) A Japanese martial art using "swords" of split bamboo.
kendos: (n) plural of kendo
kenned: (v) simple past tense and past participle of ken
kennel: (n) A house or shelter for a dog.; A facility at which dogs are reared or boarded.; The dogs kept at such a facility; a pack of hounds.; The hole of a fox or other animal.(v) To house or board a dog (or less commonly another animal).; To lie or lodge; to dwell, as a dog or a fox.; To drive (a fox) to covert in its hole.(n) The gutter at the edge of a street; a surface drain.; A puddle.
Kennel: (N) A surname.
keno: (n) A gambling game, a variety of the game of lotto, played with balls or knobs, numbered, and cards also numbered.
Keno: (N) Ellipsis of Keno City; Ellipsis of Keno Hill; A region of Yukon, Canada, the region around Keno Hill and Keno City.
kenos: (n) plural of keno
kens: (n) plural of ken(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of ken
kent: (v) simple past tense and past participle of ken(n) A shepherd's staff.; A pole or pike.(v) To propel (a boat) using a pole.
Kent: (N) A maritime county in southeast England bordered by East Sussex, Surrey, Greater London, the North Sea and the English Channel.; A river in Cumbria, England, which flows into Morecambe Bay at Arnside.; A district municipality of British Columbia, Canada.; A coastal fishing village in the Western Area Rural District, Sierra Leone.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Elmore County, Alabama.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Pike County, Alabama.; A number of places in the United States:; A ghost town in Colusa County, California.; A number of places in the United States:; The former name of Kentfield, a CDP in Marin County, California.; A number of places in the United States:; A town in Litchfield, Connecticut.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Nassau County, Florida.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Stephenson County, Illinois.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community and census-designated place in Republican Township, Jefferson County, Indiana.; A number of places in the United States:; A former city and census-designated place in Union County, Iowa, disincorporated in 2003.; A number of places in the United States:; A tiny city in Wilkin County, Minnesota.; A number of places in the United States:; A town in Putnam County, New York.; A number of places in the United States:; A city in Portage County, Ohio.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Sherman County, Oregon.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Culberson County, Texas.; A number of places in the United States:; A city in King County, Washington, United States; suburb of Seattle.; A number of places in the United States:; A neighborhood in northwest Washington, D.C..; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Marshall County, West Virginia.; A surname, from Old English derived from the place name.; A male given name transferred from the surname, of mostly American usage.
Kenya: (N) A country in Eastern Africa. Official name: Republic of Kenya
kepi: (n) A cap with a flat circular top and a visor, particularly associated with French uniforms.
Kepler: (N) A German surname, from German.; Johannes Kepler, a German astronomer.; Kepler space telescope, a stellar transit tracker used for finding exoplanets
kept: (v) simple past tense and past participle of keep
Kerala: (N) State in southern India which has Thiruvananthapuram (formerly known as Trivandrum) as its capital.
kerb: (n) The raised edge between the pavement and the roadway, typically made of concrete though originally consisting of a line of kerbstones.; A stone ring built to enclose and sometimes revet the cairn or barrow built over a chamber tomb.(v) To damage vehicle wheels or tyres by running into or over a pavement kerb.; To take a dog to the kerb for the purpose of evacuating.
kerf: (n) The act of cutting or carving something; a stroke or slice.; The groove or slit created by cutting or sawing something; an incision.; The distance between diverging saw teeth.; The flattened, cut-off end of a branch or tree; a stump or sawn-off cross-section.; The portion or quantity (e.g. of hay, turf, wool, etc.) cut off in a given stroke.(v) To cut a piece of wood or other material with several kerfs to allow it to be bent.
kermes: (n) Any of several insects of the genus Kermes.; A crimson dye made from the crushed bodies of these insects.
kermeses: (n) plural of kermes
kermis: (n) Alternative form of kirmess
kern: (n) A corn; grain; kernel.; The last handful or sheaf reaped at the harvest.; The harvest home.; A doll or figurine raised in celebration of a successful harvest; kern-baby.(n) Any part of a letter which extends into the space used by another letter.(v) To adjust the horizontal space between selected pairs of letters (characters or glyphs); to perform such adjustments to a portion of text, according to preset rules.(n) A light-armed foot soldier of the ancient militia of Ireland and Scotland; in archaic contexts often used as a term of contempt.; A boor; a low person.; An idler; a vagabond.(n) Alternative form of quern(n) A churn.
Kern: (N) A surname.; An unincorporated community in Macon County, Missouri, United States; the Kern River in California, USA
kernel: (n) The core, center, or essence of an object or system.; The central (usually edible) part of a nut, especially once the hard shell has been removed.; A single seed or grain, especially of corn or wheat.; The stone of certain fruits, such as peaches or plums.; A small mass around which other matter is concreted; a nucleus; a concretion or hard lump in the flesh.; The central part of many computer operating systems which manages the system's resources and the communication between hardware and software components.; The core engine of any complex software system.; A function used to define an integral transform.; A set of pairs of a mapping's domain which are mapped to the same value.; For a given function (especially a linear map between vector spaces), the set of elements in the domain which are mapped to zero; (formally) given f : X → Y, the set {x ∈ X : f(x) = 0}.; For a category with zero morphisms: the equalizer of a given morphism and the zero morphism which is parallel to that given morphism.; The set of members of a fuzzy set that are fully included (i.e., whose grade of membership is 1).; The human clitoris.; The nucleus and electrons of an atom excluding its valence electrons.(v) To enclose within a kernel; To crenellate
kerneling: (v) plural of kernel
kernelling: (v) plural of kernel
kero: (n) Kerosene.(n) A type of wooden drinking vessel produced by the Incas.
Kerry: (N) A county of Ireland.; A village and community in Powys, Wales, originally in Montgomeryshire (OS grid ref SO1489). Welsh spelling: Ceri.; A surname, from Middle English derived from the place name, or from the Middle English given name Kendrick.; A male given name transferred from the surname or place name.; A female given name transferred from the surname or place name, originally of Australian usage, also spelled Keri, Kerri and Kerrie.(n) An animal belonging to a rare breed of dairy cattle, native to Ireland.
kersey: (n) A type of rough woollen cloth.
Kersey: (N) A village and civil parish of Babergh district, Suffolk, England (OS grid ref TL999904).; A locality in Rocky View County, Alberta, Canada.; A town in Weld County, Colorado, United States, derived from a maiden's name.; An unincorporated community in Jasper County, Indiana, United States.; A census-designated place in Elk County, Pennsylvania, United States.; A habitational surname, from Old English.
ketch: (n) A fore-and-aft rigged sailing vessel with two masts, main and mizzen, the mizzen being stepped forward of the rudder post.(v) Pronunciation spelling of catch.(v) To hang.(n) A hangman.
Ketch: (n) Synonym of Jack Ketch (“a public executioner”)
ketene: (n) any of a class of unsaturated ketones, having a general formula R₁R₂C=C=O, that react as if they were inner acid anhydrides; the parent compound of this class, CH₂=C=O, an unstable, reactive colourless gas
ketone: (n) A homologous series of organic molecules whose functional group is an oxygen atom joined to a carbon atom—by a double bond—in a carbon-hydrogen based molecule.
ketose: (n) A saccharide containing a ketone functional group.
kettle: (n) A vessel for boiling a liquid or cooking food, usually metal and equipped with a lid.; The quantity held by a kettle.; A vessel or appliance used to boil water for the preparation of hot beverages and other foodstuffs.; A kettle hole, sometimes any pothole.; A group of raptors riding a thermal, especially when migrating.; A steam locomotive; A kettledrum.; An instance of kettling; a group of protesters or rioters confined in a limited area.(v) To contain demonstrators in a confined area.; Of a boiler: to make a whistling sound like the boiling of a kettle, indicative of various types of fault.(n) Alternative form of kiddle (“kind of fishweir”)
Kettle: (N) A surname.
kevel: (n) A strong cleat to which large ropes are belayed.; A stonemason's hammer.(n) A gazelle.
kew: (n) The name of the Latin-script letter Q. Alternative form of cue.
Kew: (N) A suburban area and former village in Richmond upon Thames borough, in southwest London, England.; An eastern suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
kex: (n) The dried stem of certain large herbaceous plants.; A plant having such a stem; a weed, a kecksy.; A dry husk or covering.
key: (n) An object designed to open and close a lock.; An object designed to fit between two other objects (such as a shaft and a wheel) in a mechanism and maintain their relative orientation.; A crucial step or requirement.; A guide explaining the symbols or terminology of a map or chart; a legend.; A guide to the correct answers of a worksheet or test.; One of several small, usually square buttons on a typewriter or computer keyboard, mostly corresponding to text characters.; In musical instruments, one of the valve levers used to select notes, such as a lever opening a hole on a woodwind.; In instruments with a keyboard such as an organ or piano, one of the levers, or especially the exposed front end of it, which are depressed to cause a particular sound or note to be produced.; A scale or group of pitches constituting the basis of a musical composition.; The lowest note of a scale; keynote.; A scale or group of pitches constituting the basis of a musical composition.; In musical theory, the total melodic and harmonic relations, which exist between the tones of an ideal scale, major or minor; tonality.; A scale or group of pitches constituting the basis of a musical composition.; In musical theory and notation, the tonality centering in a given tone, or the several tones taken collectively, of a given scale, major or minor.; A scale or group of pitches constituting the basis of a musical composition.; In musical notation, a sign at the head of a staff indicating the musical key.; The general pitch or tone of a sentence or utterance.; A modification of an advertisement so as to target a particular group or demographic.; An indehiscent, one-seeded fruit furnished with a wing, such as the fruit of the ash and maple; a samara.; A manual electrical switching device primarily used for the transmission of Morse code.; A piece of information (e.g. a passphrase) used to encode or decode a message or messages.; A password restricting access to an IRC channel.; In a relational database, a field used as an index into another table (not necessarily unique).; A value that uniquely identifies an entry in a container.; The free-throw lane together with the circle surrounding the free-throw line, the free-throw lane having formerly been narrower, giving the area the shape of a skeleton key hole.; A series of logically organized groups of discriminating information which aims to allow the user to correctly identify a taxon.; A piece of wood used as a wedge.; The last board of a floor when laid down.; A keystone.; That part of the plastering which is forced through between the laths and holds the rest in place.; A wooden support for a rail on the bullhead rail system.; The degree of roughness, or retention ability of a surface to have applied a liquid such as paint, or glue.; The thirty-third card of the Lenormand deck.; The black ink layer, especially in relation to the three color layers of cyan, magenta, and yellow. See also CMYK.; A color to be masked or made transparent.(aj) Indispensable, supremely important.; Important, salient.(v) To fit (a lock) with a key.; To fit (pieces of a mechanical assembly) with a key to maintain the orientation between them.; To mark or indicate with a symbol indicating membership in a class.; To depress (a telegraph key).; To operate (the transmitter switch of a two-way radio).; (more usually to key in) To enter (information) by typing on a keyboard or keypad.; To vandalize (a car, etc.) by scratching with an implement such as a key.; To link (as one might do with a key or legend).; To be identified as a certain taxon when using a key.; To modify (an advertisement) so as to target a particular group or demographic.; To attune to; to set at; to pitch.; To fasten or secure firmly; to fasten or tighten with keys or wedges.; To prepare for plastering by adding the key (that part of the plastering which is forced through between the laths and holds the rest in place).(n) One of a string of small islands.(n) Alternative form of quay.(n) Clipping of kilogram (especially of a recreational drug)
Key: (N) A surname.
keyed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of key
keyest: (adj) plural of key
Keynes: (N) An English surname, from Old French.; John Maynard Keynes, English economist
keys: (n) plural of key(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of key
Keys: (N) A surname.; The Florida Keys.; The House of Keys.
keyway: (n) A slot into which a precision attachment (a key) is fitted.; The whole deep way the key has to go, the hollow or cavity.; A guide groove.; The recessed part of a keyed joint, a keyseat.
khaki: (n) A dull, yellowish-brown colour, the colour of dust.; Khaki green, a dull green colour.; A strong cloth of wool or cotton, often used for military or other uniforms.; A soldier wearing a khaki uniform.; A British person (from the colour of the uniform of British troops, originally in the Second Boer War; compare rooinek). (In this sense the plural generally is khakies.); Khaki clothing or uniform, commonly in the plural.(aj) Dust-coloured; of the colour of dust.
khalif: (n) Alternative form of caliph
khan: (n) A ruler over various Turkish, Tatar and Mongol peoples in the Middle Ages.; An Ottoman sultan.; A noble or man of rank in various Muslim countries of Central Asia, including Afghanistan.(n) A caravanserai; a resting-place for a travelling caravan.
Khan: (N) A male given name used extensively among Muslims of South Asia.; A surname derived from the given name.
kharif: (aj) Of crops: cultivated and harvested during the monsoon season.
kharifs: (n) plural of kharif
khat: (n) A shrub, Catha edulis, whose leaves are used as a mild stimulant when chewed or brewed as tea; also a drug produced from this plant.
kheda: (n) Alternative form of keddah (“elephant trap”)
Khmer: (n) The national language of Cambodia, part of the Mon-Khmer language family.; A member of an ethnolinguistic group that constitutes most of the population of Cambodia.; An abugida used to write the Khmer language and sometimes Pali.(aj) Of or pertaining to Khmer people or their language.
kiang: (n) A large wild ass, Equus kiang, native to the Tibetan Plateau.
Kiang: (N) Obsolete form of Jiang.; Synonym of Yangtze, the chief river of central China.
kibble: (v) To grind coarsely.(n) Something that has been kibbled, especially grain for use as animal feed.; Any artificial animal feed in pellet form.(n) An iron bucket used in mines for hoisting anything to the surface.
Kibble: (N) A surname.
kibe: (n) A chilblain or ulcer, especially on the heel of the foot.
kibitz: (v) To make small talk or idle chatter.; To give unsolicited or unwanted advice or make unhelpful or idle comments, especially to someone playing a game.; To watch a card or board game.
kiblah: (n) Alternative form of qibla
kibosh: (n) A checking or restraining element. Only used in put the kibosh on and put on the kibosh.; Nonsense, bosh.; Fashion; style.(v) To decisively terminate.
kick: (v) To strike or hit with the foot or other extremity of the leg.; To make a sharp jerking movement of the leg, as to strike something.; To direct to a particular place by a blow with the foot or leg.; To eject summarily.; To forcibly remove a participant from an online activity.; To overcome (a bothersome or difficult issue or obstacle); to free oneself of (a problem).; To move or push suddenly and violently.; To recoil; to push by recoiling.; To attack (a piece) in order to force it to move.; To accelerate quickly with a few pedal strokes in an effort to break away from other riders.; To show opposition or resistance.; To work a press by impact of the foot on a treadle.; To reset (a watchdog timer).(n) A hit or strike with the leg, foot or knee.; The action of swinging a foot or leg.; Something that tickles the fancy; something fun or amusing.; The removal of a person from an online activity.; Any bucking motion of an object that lacks legs or feet.; Piquancy.; A stimulation provided by an intoxicating substance.; A pass played by kicking with the foot.; The distance traveled by kicking the ball.; The recoil of a gun.; A pocket.; An increase in speed in the final part of a running race.; Synonym of kicker (“backlight positioned at an angle”)(v) To die.(v) To be emphatically excellent.
kicked: (v) simple past tense and past participle of kick(aj) Empty with nothing left to smoke but ash.
kicker: (n) One who kicks.; One who takes kicks.; or placekicker — a player who kicks the football during free kicks, kick offs, field goals, and extra point tries.; The kicking strap.; An outboard motor.; An unexpected situation, detail or circumstance, often unpleasant.; An enticement for investors, e.g. warranty added to the investment contract.; An unpaired card which is part of a pair, two pair, or three of a kind poker hand.; Small text above a headline that indicates the topic of the story.; The last one or two paragraphs of a story.; Synonym of lead-in (“start of photo caption”); A lighthearted or humorous item used to round off a news broadcast.; A device that periodically displaces a newspaper from the print production line, to aid in gathering the newspapers into fixed-size bundles.; A launch ramp.; The fermenting mass of fruit that is the basis of pruno, or "prison wine".; A relaxed party.; A backlight positioned at an angle.; A rubber pad that propels the ball away upon impact, like a bumper, but usually a horizontal side of a wall.; A practitioner of the kicking performance art.(n) A particular type of Texan who is associated with country/western attire, attitudes, and/or philosophy.
kicks: (n) plural of kick(n) Pleasures, thrills.; Shoes.; Commissary, or the balance of a commissary account.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of kick
kid: (n) A young goat.; Of a female goat, the state of being pregnant: in kid.; Kidskin.; The meat of a young goat.; A young antelope.; A child (usually), teenager, or young adult; a juvenile.; A person whose childhood took place in a particular time period or area.; One's son or daughter, regardless of age.; Used as a form of address for a child, teenager or young adult.; An inexperienced person or one in a junior position.; A deception; an act of kidding somebody.; A small wooden mess tub in which sailors received their food.(v) To make a fool of (someone).; To dupe or deceive (someone).; To make a joke with (someone).; Of a goat, to give birth to kids.; To joke.(n) A fagot; a bundle of heath and furze.
Kidd: (N) A surname.
kiddy: (n) Alternative spelling of kiddie (“a child”); A man or boy.; A low thief.(v) To kid; to hoax or tease.
Kiddy: (N) A surname, from Scottish Gaelic.
kidnap: (v) To seize or detain a person unlawfully and move or conceal them; sometimes for ransom.(n) The crime, or an instance, of kidnapping.
kidney: (n) An organ in the body that filters the blood, producing urine.; This organ (of an animal) cooked as food.; Constitution, temperament, nature, type, character, disposition. (usually used of people); A waiter.
Kidney: (N) A surname, from Irish.
kids: (n) plural of kid(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of kid
kief: (n) Alternative spelling of kif
Kief: (N) Archaic form of Kiev.; A hamlet in North Dakota.
kiefs: (n) plural of kief
Kiel: (N) The capital city of Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.; A city in Wisconsin.
kier: (n) A bleaching vat.
Kier: (N) A surname.
kiev: (n) Alternative form of Kiev
Kiev: (N) A city, the administrative centre of Kiev oblast, capital city of Ukraine.; A province, an oblast of Ukraine. Seat: Kiev.; A former principality in Europe. The medieval principality centered on Kiev; the Kievan state or Kievan Rus.; Alternative form of Kyiv(n) Short for chicken Kiev
kif: (n) A kind of cannabis smoked in Morocco and Algeria, for narcotic or intoxicating effect.; The state of relaxed stupor induced by cannabis.; The trichome of marijuana, a green powdery substance that falls from dry marijuana high in THC and other cannabinoid compounds.
kifs: (n) plural of kif
Kigali: (N) The capital city of Rwanda.
kike: (n) A Jew.; A contemptible person, especially one who is stingy.
Kikuyu: (n) A member of a Bantu people of Kenya.(N) The language of this people.
kill: (v) To put to death; to extinguish the life of.; To render inoperative.; To stop, cease, or render void; to terminate.; To amaze, exceed, stun, or otherwise incapacitate.; To cause great pain, discomfort, or distress to.; To produce feelings of dissatisfaction or revulsion in.; To use up or to waste.; To exert an overwhelming effect on.; To overpower, overwhelm, or defeat.; To force a company out of business.; To produce intense pain.; To punish severely.; To strike (a ball, etc.) with such force and placement as to make a shot that is impossible to defend against, usually winning a point.; To cause (a ball, etc.) to be out of play, resulting in a stoppage of gameplay.; To succeed with an audience, especially in comedy.; To cause to assume the value zero.; To disconnect (a user) involuntarily from the network.; To deadmelt.; To sexually penetrate in a skillful way.(n) The act of killing.; Specifically, the death blow.; The result of killing; that which has been killed.; The grounding of the ball on the opponent's court, winning the rally.(n) A creek; a body of water; a channel or arm of the sea.(n) Alternative form of kiln
Kill: (N) A surname.
killed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of kill(aj) deoxidized
killer: (n) One who or that which kills.; That which causes stress or is extremely difficult, especially that which may cause failure at a task.; Something that is so far ahead of its competition that it effectively kills off that competition.; A knockout form of darts or pool involving several players.; Ellipsis of killer whale.; A club used for killing fish.; A particularly heavy type of handstamp, or portion of one, often obscuring a large part of the postage stamp.; A diacritical mark used in Indic scripts to suppress an inherent vowel (e.g., the Hindi viram, the Bengali or Oriya hasanta) or render the entire syllable silent (e.g., the Burmese virama, the Khmer toandakhiat).(aj) Excellent, very good, cool.; Causing death, destruction, or obliteration.; Distressing, uncomfortable.
kills: (n) plural of kill(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of kill
Kills: (N) plural of Kill
kiln: (n) An oven or furnace or a heated chamber, for the purpose of hardening, burning, calcining or drying anything; for example, firing ceramics, curing or preserving tobacco, or drying grain.(v) To bake in a kiln; to fire.
kilo: (n) Clipping of kilogram.
kilt: (v) To gather up (skirts) around the body.(n) A traditional Scottish garment, usually worn by men, having roughly the same morphology as a wrap-around skirt, with overlapping front aprons and pleated around the sides and back, and usually made of twill-woven worsted wool with a tartan pattern.; Any Scottish garment from which the above lies in a direct line of descent, such as the philibeg, or the great kilt or belted plaid; A plaid, pleated school uniform skirt sometimes structured as a wrap around, sometimes pleated throughout the entire circumference; also used as boys' wear in 19ᵗʰ century USA.; A variety of non-bifurcated garments made for men and loosely resembling a Scottish kilt, but most often made from different fabrics and not always with tartan plaid designs.(v) Nonstandard form of killed: simple past tense and past participle of kill.
kilter: (n) Chiefly in out of kilter: (good) condition, form, or order; fettle.(n) A hand of playing cards which is useless.
kimono: (n) A traditional Japanese T-shaped, wrapped-front garment with square sleeves and a rectangular body, now generally worn only on formal occasions.; A yukata.; A long robe-like garment in Western fashion, which may be open at the front, loosely inspired by the Japanese garment.
kin: (n) Race; family; breed; kind.; Persons of the same race or family; kindred.; One or more relatives, such as siblings or cousins, taken collectively.; Relationship; same-bloodedness or affinity; near connection or alliance, as of those having common descent.(aj) Related by blood or marriage, akin. Generally used in "kin to".(n) A primitive Chinese musical instrument of the cittern kind, with from five to twenty-five silken strings.(v) To identify with; as in empathize or emotionally relate to a fictional character.(n) Alternative form of k'in(v) Pronunciation spelling of can.
Kin: (N) Alternative form of Jin.(N) Clipping of Kinshasa.
kinase: (n) Any of a group of enzymes that transfer phosphate groups from high-energy donor molecules, such as ATP, to specific target molecules (substrates), in a process termed phosphorylation.
kind: (n) A type, race or category; a group of entities that have common characteristics such that they may be grouped together.; A makeshift or otherwise atypical specimen.; One's inherent nature; character, natural disposition.; Family, lineage.; Manner.; Goods or services used as payment, as e.g. in barter.; Equivalent means used as response to an action.; Each of the two elements of the communion service, bread and wine.(aj) Having a benevolent, courteous, friendly, generous, gentle, liberal, sympathetic, or warm-hearted nature or disposition, marked by consideration for – and service to – others.; Affectionate.; Favorable.; Mild, gentle, forgiving; Gentle; tractable; easily governed.; Characteristic of the species; belonging to one's nature; natural; native.
kinda: (av) kind of; somewhat(ab) Contraction of kind of.(i) Yes in some respects but no in other respects.(n) A subspecies of baboon, Papio cynocephalus kindae, primarily found in Angola, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Zambia, and possibly western Tanzania.
kinded: (v) plural of kind
kinder: (aj) comparative form of kind: more kind(av) Alternative form of kinda(n) Children.; another term for kindergarten.
Kinder: (N) A surname.; Places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Johnson County, Indiana.; Places in the United States:; A town in Allen Parish, Louisiana.; Places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Stoddard County, Missouri.; Places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Lincoln County, West Virginia.; A minor river in Derbyshire, England, which joins the River Sett.
kinders: (n) plural of kinder
kinding: (v) plural of kind
kindle: (v) To start (a fire) or light (a torch, a match, coals, etc.).; To arouse or inspire (a passion, etc).; To begin to grow or take hold.(n) A group of kittens.(v) To bring forth young; to give birth.(aj) pregnant
Kindle: (N) A surname.
kindly: (aj) Having a kind personality; kind, warmhearted, sympathetic.; Favourable, gentle, pleasant, tidy, auspicious, beneficent.; Lawful.; Natural; inherent to the kind or race.(av) In a kind manner, out of kindness.; In a favourable way.; Used to make a polite request: please.; With kind acceptance; used with take.; Kind of, somewhat.; Readily.; Naturally.
kinds: (n) plural of kind
kine: (n) plural of cow(n) The unit velocity in the CGS system, equal to one centimeter per second.
king: (n) A male monarch; a man who heads a monarchy. If it is an absolute monarchy, then he is the supreme ruler of his nation.; A powerful or majorly influential person.; Something that has a preeminent position.; A component of certain games.; The principal chess piece, that players seek to threaten with unavoidable capture to result in a victory by checkmate. It is often the tallest piece, with a symbolic crown with a cross at the top.; A component of certain games.; A playing card with the letter "K" and the image of a king on it, the thirteenth card in a given suit.; A component of certain games.; A checker (a piece of checkers/draughts) that reached the farthest row forward, thus becoming crowned (either by turning it upside-down, or by stacking another checker on it) and gaining more freedom of movement.; A king skin.; A male dragonfly; a drake.; A king-sized bed.; The monarch with the most power and authority in a monarchy, regardless of sex.(v) To crown king, to make (a person) king.; To rule over as king.; To perform the duties of a king.; To assume or pretend preeminence (over); to lord it over.; To promote a piece of draughts/checkers that has traversed the board to the opposite side, that piece subsequently being permitted to move backwards as well as forwards.; To dress and perform as a drag king.(n) Alternative form of qing (Chinese musical instrument)
King: (N) The title of a king.; An English and Scottish surname, from nicknames, originally a nickname for someone who either acted as if he were a king or had worked in the king's household.; King class, a class of steam locomotives once used on the GWR.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Gibson County, Indiana.; A number of places in the United States:; A city in Stokes County and Forsyth County, North Carolina.; A number of places in the United States:; A neighbourhood in north-east Portland, Oregon.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Clay County, West Virginia.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Wetzel County, West Virginia.; A number of places in the United States:; A town in Lincoln County, Wisconsin.; A number of places in the United States:; A census-designated place in Farmington, Waupaca County, Wisconsin.; A township in the Regional Municipality of York, Ontario, Canada.; A village on New Ireland, Papua New Guinea.
kingly: (aj) Of or belonging to a king or kings; exercised by a king.; Characteristic of kings, majestic, regal; as befits a king, in the manner of a king.(av) In a royal manner.
kings: (n) plural of king; A pair of kings (playing cards).(n) A drinking game that uses playing cards.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of king
Kings: (N) One of the various books called Kings in the Old Testament of Bible, and of the Tanakh.(N) A surname.(N) plural of King (surname)(N) A placename; Ellipsis of Kings County; A placename; Ellipsis of Kings Creek; A placename; Ellipsis of Kings River; A placename; Ellipsis of Kings Bay
kinin: (n) Any of various structurally related polypeptides of the autacoid family, such as bradykinin and kallikrein, that act locally to induce vasodilation and contraction of smooth muscle.
kink: (v) To laugh loudly.; To gasp for breath as in a severe fit of coughing.(n) A convulsive fit of coughing or laughter; a sonorous indraft of breath; a whoop; a gasp of breath caused by laughing, coughing, or crying.(n) A tight curl, twist, or bend in a length of thin material, hair etc.; A difficulty or flaw that is likely to impede operation, as in a plan or system.; An unreasonable notion; a crotchet; a whim; a caprice.; Peculiarity or deviation in sexual behaviour or taste.; A positive 1-soliton solution to the Sine–Gordon equation.(v) To form a kink or twist.; To be formed into a kink or twist.
kinky: (aj) Full of kinks; liable to kink or curl.; Marked by unconventional sexual preferences or behavior, as fetishism, sadomasochism, and other sexual practices.; Queer; eccentric; crotchety.
kino: (n) A botanical gum produced by various trees and other plants, particularly bloodwood species of eucalypts (Angophora, Corymbia, Eucalyptus), Butea, and Pterocarpus, used in tanning and dyeing and as an astringent in medicine.(n) Especially good or sophisticated cinema.(aj) Grand, cinematic, especially in regards to cinema or other cultural mediums.(n) Physical contact with another person, touch.
Kinsey: (N) A surname.
kiosk: (n) A small enclosed structure, often freestanding, open on one side or with a window, used as a booth to sell newspapers, cigarettes, etc.; A similar unattended stand for the automatic dispensing of tickets, etc.; A public telephone booth.; A Turkish garden pavilion.
kip: (n) The untanned hide of a young or small beast, such as a calf, lamb, or young goat.; A bundle or set of such hides.; A unit of count for skins, 30 for lamb and 50 for goat.; The leather made from such hide; kip leather.(n) A place to sleep; a rooming house; a bed.; Sleep, snooze, nap, forty winks, doze.; A very untidy house or room.; A brothel.(v) To sleep; often with the connotation of a temporary or charitable situation, or one borne out of necessity.(v) To snatch; take up hastily; filch; To hold or keep (together); To conduct oneself; act(n) A unit of force equal to 1000 pounds-force (lbf) (4.44822 kilonewtons or 4448.22 newtons); occasionally called the kilopound.; A unit of weight, used, for example, to calculate shipping charges, equal to half a US ton, or 1000 pounds.; A unit of mass equal to 1000 avoirdupois pounds.(n) The unit of currency in Laos, divided into 100 att, symbol ₭, abbreviation LAK.(n) A piece of flat wood used to throw the coins in a game of two-up.(n) A basic skill or maneuver in artistic gymnastics on the uneven bars, parallel bars, high bar and still rings used, for example, as a way of mounting the bar in a front support position, or achieving a handstand from a hanging position. In its basic form, the legs are swung forward and upward by bending the hips, then suddenly down again, which gives the upward impulse to the body.; A sharp-pointed hill; a projecting point, as on a hill.(v) To perform the kip maneuver.
Kip: (N) A diminutive of the male given name Kipling.
kipper: (n) A split, salted and smoked herring or salmon.; A male salmon after spawning.; A patrol to protect fishing boats in the Irish and North Seas against attack from the air.; A torpedo.; An Englishman who has moved to Australia.; A young Aboriginal man who has been initiated into to the rights of manhood.; A fool.; A child or young person.(v) To prepare (a herring or similar fish) by splitting, salting, and smoking.; To damage or treat with smoke.; To dry out with heat or harsh chemicals; to desiccate.; To drink or give a drink of alcohol, especially to intoxication.; To punish by spanking or caning.; To lead astray or frame; to cause to get into trouble.; To utterly defeat or humiliate.(aj) Out of season.; Very wide, shaped like a kipper.(n) A member or supporter of UKIP (UK Independence Party).(aj) lively; chipper; nimble.
Kipper: (N) A surname.(n) A type of fortune-telling cards.; A supporter or member of UKIP (United Kingdom Independence Party).
kirk: (n) A church.
Kirk: (N) The Presbyterian Church of Scotland.; A habitational surname, from Middle English.; A male given name transferred from the surname.
Kirov: (N) A transliteration of the Russian surname Киров (Kirov).(N) An oblast of Russia.; A city, the administrative center of Kirov Oblast, Russia.
kirsch: (n) A clear brandy made from black cherries: kirschwasser.
Kirsch: (N) A surname.
kirtle: (n) A knee-length tunic.; A short jacket.; A woman's gown; a woman's outer petticoat or skirt.(v) To clothe or cover with, or as if with, a kirtle; to hitch up (a long garment) to the length of a kirtle.
kish: (n) a basket used in Ireland, mainly for carrying turf(n) The graphite formed incidentally in iron smelting.
Kish: (N) An ancient city of Sumer, located some 12 km east of Babylon, and 80 km south of Baghdad.
kishke: (n) A dish made from stuffed intestine.; Intestines, guts.
Kislev: (N) The third month of the civil year in the Jewish calendar, after Cheshvan and before Tevet.
kismet: (n) Fate; a predetermined or unavoidable destiny.
Kismet: (N) An unincorporated community in Madera County, California.; A small city in Seward County, Kansas.; A hamlet in Suffolk County, New York.
kiss: (v) To touch with the lips or press the lips against, usually to show love or affection or passion, or as part of a greeting.; To (cause to) touch lightly or slightly; to come into contact.; Of two or more people, to touch each other's lips together, usually to express love or affection or passion.; To treat with fondness.(n) A touch with the lips, usually to express love or affection, or as a greeting.; An 'X' mark placed at the end of a letter or other type of message.; A type of filled chocolate candy, shaped as if someone had kissed the top. See Hershey's Kisses.; The alignment of two bodies in the solar system such that they have the same longitude when seen from Earth, conjunction.
KISS: (n) The KISS principle.
Kiss: (N) A surname, from Hungarian.
kissed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of kiss
kisser: (n) One who kisses.; Mouth.; Face.; The kissing gourami.; A button on a bowstring that indicates consistent height when drawing a bow, for example by being placed against the archer's mouth .
kisses: (n) plural of kiss; plural of kisse(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of kiss
kist: (v) simple past tense and past participle of kiss(n) A chest.; A coffin.(v) To place in a coffin.(n) An individual installment of the yearly land revenue.
Kist: (n) Synonym of Nakh, a Caucasian people, particularly the Nakh living in Georgia.(N) A surname.
kit: (n) A circular wooden vessel, made of hooped staves.; A kind of basket made especially from straw of rushes, especially for holding fish; by extension, the contents of such a basket or similar container, used as a measure of weight.; A collection of items forming the equipment of a soldier, carried in a knapsack.; Any collection of items needed for a specific purpose, especially for use by a workman, or personal effects packed for travelling.; A collection of parts sold for the buyer to assemble.; The standard set of clothing, accessories and equipment worn by players.; Clothing.; A full software distribution, as opposed to a patch or upgrade.; The set of skills and abilities chosen for a playable character.; A drum kit.; The whole set; kit and caboodle.(v) To assemble or collect something into kits or sets or to give somebody a kit. See also kit out and other derived phrases.(n) A kitten (young cat).; A kit fox.; A young beaver.; A young skunk.; A young ferret.; A young rabbit.; A young weasel(n) Synonym of kit violin(n) A school of pigeons, especially domesticated, trained pigeons.
Kit: (N) A diminutive of the male given name Christopher.; A diminutive of the female given name Katherine and related female given names.
kite: (n) A bird of prey of the family Accipitridae.; Any bird of the subfamily Milvinae, with long wings and weak legs, feeding mostly on carrion and spending long periods soaring; specifically, the red kite (Milvus milvus) and the black kite (Milvus migrans).; A bird of prey of the family Accipitridae.; A bird of the genus Elanus, having thin pointed wings, that preys on rodents and hunts by hovering; also, any bird of related genera in the subfamily Elaninae.; A bird of prey of the family Accipitridae.; Some species in the subfamily Perninae.; A rapacious person.; A lightweight toy or other device, traditionally flat and shaped like a triangle with a segment of a circle attached to its base or like a quadrilateral (see sense 9), carried on the wind and tethered and controlled from the ground by one or more lines.; A tethered object which deflects its position in a medium by obtaining lift and drag in reaction with its relative motion in the medium.; A planetary configuration wherein one planet of a grand trine is in opposition to an additional fourth planet.; A blank cheque; a fraudulent cheque, such as one issued even though there are insufficient funds to honour it, or one that has been altered without authorization.; An accommodation bill (“a bill of exchange endorsed by a reputable third party acting as a guarantor, as a favour and without compensation”).; A rider who is good at climbs but less good at descents.; A polygon resembling the shape of a traditional toy kite (sense 3): a quadrilateral having two pairs of edges of equal length, the edges of each pair touching each other at one end.; An aeroplane or aircraft.; In a square-rigged ship: originally a sail positioned above a topsail; later a lightweight sail set above the topgallants, such as a studding sail or a jib topsail.; A spinnaker (“supplementary sail to a mainsail”).; The brill (Scophthalmus rhombus), a type of flatfish.; A (usually concealed) letter or oral message, especially one passed illegally into, within, or out of a prison.(v) To cause (something) to move upwards rapidly like a toy kite; also (chiefly US, figuratively) to cause (something, such as costs) to increase rapidly.; To tamper with a document or record by increasing the quantity of something beyond its proper amount so that the difference may be unlawfully retained; in particular, to alter a medical prescription for this purpose by increasing the number of pills or other items.; To keep ahead of (an enemy) in order to attack repeatedly from a distance, without exposing oneself to danger.; To (cause to) glide in the manner of a kite (“bird”).; To manipulate like a toy kite; also, usually preceded by an inflection of go: to fly a toy kite.; To write or present (a cheque) on an account with insufficient funds, either to defraud or expecting that funds will become available by the time the cheque clears.; To steal.; To travel by kite, as when kitesurfing.; To move rapidly; to rush.; To deflect sideways in the water.; To pass a (usually concealed) letter or oral message, especially illegally into, within, or out of a prison.(n) The stomach; the belly.(n) A measure of weight equivalent to ¹⁄₁₀ deben (about 0.32 ounces or 9.1 grams).
Kite: (N) A surname.
kites: (n) plural of kite(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of kite
Kites: (N) plural of Kite
kith: (n) Friends and acquaintances.; An acquaintance or a friend.
kitsch: (n) Art, decorative objects and other forms of representation of questionable artistic or aesthetic value; a representation that is excessively sentimental, overdone, or vulgar.(aj) Of art and decor: of questionable aesthetic value; excessively sentimental, overdone or vulgar.
kitten: (n) A young cat, especially before sexual maturity (reached at about seven months).; A young rabbit, rat, hedgehog, squirrel, fox, beaver, badger, etc.; A moth of the genus Furcula.; A term of endearment, especially for a woman.(v) To give birth to kittens.
kittle: (v) To tickle, to touch lightly.(aj) Ticklish.; Not easily managed(v) To bring forth young, as a cat; to kitten; to litter.
Kittle: (N) A surname.
kitty: (n) A kitten or young cat.; A pet name for a cat.; A money pool, as for a card game, or for shared expenses.; In a home game, a small, specified amount taken from each pot to pay the host's expenses.; Euphemistic form of pussy: vulva and/or vagina.; A set of additional cards dealt face down in some games.
Kitty: (N) A diminutive of Katherine and related female given names.; A generic name for a cat.
kiva: (n) A ceremonial underground chamber in a Pueblo village.
kiwi: (n) A flightless bird of the genus Apteryx native to New Zealand.; Alternative letter-case form of Kiwi (person from New Zealand).; A New Zealand dollar.; A kiwi fruit.; A green-yellow colour, like that of kiwi flesh (also called kiwi green).; A member of the air force who does not fly.
Kiwi: (n) A New Zealander.(aj) of or from New Zealand
klan: (n) Alternative letter-case form of Klan
Klan: (N) Ku Klux Klan
klang: (n) Any periodic sound, especially one composed of a fundamental and harmonics, as opposed to simple periodic sounds (sine tones).
Klang: (N) A surname.(N) A city in Klang District, Selangor, Malaysia.
klaxon: (n) A loud electric alarm or horn.(v) To produce a loud, siren-like wail.
Klein: (N) Kline: A surname, equivalent to the English Small, from German.
klepht: (n) An anti-Ottoman insurgent living in the mountains when Greece was a part of the Ottoman Empire.
klong: (n) Alternative form of khlong
kloof: (n) A deep glen or ravine.
klutz: (n) A clumsy or stupid person.
Klutz: (N) A surname.
knack: (n) A readiness in performance; aptness at doing something.; A petty contrivance; a toy.; Something performed, or to be done, requiring aptness and dexterity.(v) To crack; to make a sharp, abrupt noise; to chink.; To speak affectedly.
Knack: (N) A surname.
knap: (v) To shape a brittle material having conchoidal fracture, usually a mineral (flint, obsidian, chert etc.), by breaking away flakes, often forming a sharp edge or point.; To rap or strike sharply.; To bite; to bite off; to break short.; To make a sound of snapping.(n) A sharp blow or slap.(n) A protuberance; a swelling; a knob.; The crest of a hill; A small hill
knar: (n) A knot or burl in a tree; a knurl, a gnarl.
knarring: (v) plural of knar
knave: (n) A boy; especially, a boy servant.; Any male servant; a menial.; A tricky, deceitful fellow; a dishonest person.; A playing card marked with the figure of a servant or soldier; a jack.
knaves: (n) plural of knave
knawel: (n) A low, spreading weed of the genus Scleranthus, especially; Scleranthus annuus, common in sandy soil.; A low, spreading weed of the genus Scleranthus, especially; Scleranthus biflorus
knead: (v) To work and press into a mass, usually with the hands; especially, to work, as by repeated pressure with the knuckles, into a well mixed mass, the materials of bread, cake, etc.; To treat or form as if by kneading; to beat.; To make an alternating pressing motion with the two front paws.; To mix thoroughly; form into a homogeneous compound.(n) The act of kneading something.
knee: (n) In humans, the joint or the region of the joint in the middle part of the leg between the thigh and the shank.; In the horse and allied animals, the carpal joint, corresponding to the wrist in humans.; The part of a garment that covers the knee.; A piece of timber or metal formed with an angle somewhat in the shape of the human knee when bent.; An act of kneeling on one knee, typically to acknowledge an injury, sacrifice or otherwise to show respect.; An act of kneeling, especially to show respect or courtesy.; Any knee-shaped item or sharp angle in a line; an inflection point.; A blow made with the knee; a kneeing.(v) To kneel to.; To poke or strike with the knee.; To move on the knees; to use the knees to move.
kneel: (v) To rest on one's bent knees, sometimes only one; to move to such a position.; To sink down so that the entrance is level with the pavement, making it easier for passengers to enter.; To cause to kneel.; To rest on (one's) knees
kneels: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of kneel
knees: (n) plural of knee(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of knee
knell: (v) To ring a bell slowly, especially for a funeral; to toll.; To signal or proclaim something (especially a death) by ringing a bell.; To summon by, or as if by, ringing a bell.(n) The sound of a bell knelling; a toll (particularly one signalling a death).; A sign of the end or demise of something or someone.
Knell: (N) A surname.
knelt: (v) simple past tense and past participle of kneel.
knew: (v) simple past tense of know; past participle of know
knife: (n) A utensil or a tool designed for cutting, consisting of a flat piece of hard material, usually steel or other metal (the blade), usually sharpened on one edge, attached to a handle. The blade may be pointed for piercing.; A weapon designed with the aforementioned specifications intended for slashing and/or stabbing and too short to be called a sword. A dagger.; Any blade-like part in a tool or a machine designed for cutting, such as that of a chipper.(v) To cut with a knife.; To use a knife to injure or kill by stabbing, slashing, or otherwise using the sharp edge of the knife as a weapon.; To cut through as if with a knife.; To betray, especially in the context of a political slate.; To positively ignore, especially in order to denigrate. compare cut
knight: (n) A young servant or follower; a trained military attendant in service of a lord.; A minor nobleman with an honourable military rank who had served as a page and squire.; An armored and mounted warrior of the Middle Ages.; A person on whom a knighthood has been conferred by a monarch.; A brave, chivalrous and honorable man devoted to a noble cause or love interest.; A chess piece, often in the shape of a horse's head, that is moved two squares in one direction and one at right angles to that direction in a single move, leaping over any intervening pieces.; A playing card bearing the figure of a knight; the knave or jack.; Any of various nymphalid butterflies of the genus Ypthima.; A generic name for various mushrooms belonging to the order Agaricales, the gilled mushrooms; scientific name Tricholoma.(v) To confer knighthood upon.; To promote (a pawn) to a knight.
Knight: (N) An English surname, from occupations for someone who was a mounted soldier.; A town in Iron County, Wisconsin, United States.; A settlement on Saint Croix, United States Virgin Islands.
knish: (n) An Eastern European Jewish, or Yiddish, snack food consisting of a dumpling covered with a shell of baked or fried dough
knit: (v) To turn thread or yarn into a piece of fabric by forming loops that are pulled through each other. This can be done by hand with needles or by machine.; To join closely and firmly together.; To become closely and firmly joined; become compacted.; To grow together.; To combine from various elements.; To heal following a fracture.; To form into a knot, or into knots; to tie together, as cord; to fasten by tying.; To draw together; to contract into wrinkles.(n) A knitted garment.; A session of knitting.
knits: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of knit(n) plural of knit(n) Small particles of ore.
knives: (n) plural of knife(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of knive
knob: (n) A rounded protuberance, especially one arising from a flat surface; a fleshy lump or caruncle.; A rounded control switch that can be turned on its axis, designed to be operated by the fingers.; A ball-shaped part of a handle, lever, etc., designed to be grabbed by the hand.; A rounded ornament on the hilt of an edged weapon; a pommel.; A prominent, rounded bump along a mountain ridge.; A prominent rounded hill.; A woman's breast.; The penis; dick.; The head of the penis; the glans.; The penis; dick.; A contemptible person; dick.; A dollop, an amount just larger than a spoonful (usually referring to butter).; A chunky branch-like piece, especially of a ginger rhizome.; A bulb of the garlic plant consisting of multiple cloves.; A freshman at The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina.(v) To have sex with.
knobby: (aj) Resembling a knob.; Having many knobs or knob-like projections.
knobs: (n) plural of knob
knock: (n) An abrupt rapping sound, as from an impact of a hard object against wood.; A sharp impact.; Criticism.; Preignition, a type of abnormal combustion occurring in spark ignition engines caused by self-ignition; also, the characteristic knocking sound associated with it.; A batsman's innings.; Synonym of hunger knock(v) To strike for admittance; to rap upon, as a door.; To criticize verbally; to denigrate; to undervalue.; To kick a ball towards another player; to pass.; To impress forcibly or strongly; to astonish; to move to admiration or applause.; To bump or impact.; To rap one's knuckles against something, especially wood.
Knock: (N) A suburb and ward in Belfast, Northern Ireland.; A townland in Drumcliff civil parish, County Clare, Ireland.; A town and civil parish of County Mayo, Ireland, location of the Knock Shrine.; A settlement in Moray council area, Scotland (OS grid ref NJ5552).; A village on the Isle of Lewis, Western Isles council area, Scotland (OS grid ref NB4931).; A village in Eden district, Cumbria, England (OS grid ref NY6827).; A surname.
knocks: (n) plural of knock(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of knock
knoll: (n) A small mound or rounded hill.(n) A knell.(v) To ring (a bell) mournfully; to knell.; To sound (something) like a bell; to knell.; To call (someone, to church) by sounding or making a knell (as a bell, a trumpet, etc).(v) To arrange related objects in parallel or at 90 degree angles.
Knoll: (N) A surname.
knolls: (n) plural of knoll(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of knoll
knop: (n) A knob, usually ornamental
knot: (n) A looping of a piece of string or of any other long, flexible material that cannot be untangled without passing one or both ends of the material through its loops.; A tangled clump.; A maze-like pattern.; A non-self-intersecting closed curve in (e.g., three-dimensional) space that is an abstraction of a knot (in sense 1 above).; A difficult situation.; The whorl left in lumber by the base of a branch growing out of the tree's trunk.; Local swelling in a tissue area, especially skin, often due to injury.; A tightened and contracted part of a muscle that feels like a hard lump under the skin.; A protuberant joint in a plant.; Any knob, lump, swelling, or protuberance.; The swelling of the bulbus glandis in members of the dog family, Canidae.; The point on which the action of a story depends; the gist of a matter.; A node.; A kind of epaulet; a shoulder knot.; A group of people or things.; A bond of union; a connection; a tie.; A unit of speed, equal to one nautical mile per hour. (From the practice of counting the number of knots in the log-line (as it is paid out) in a standard time. Traditionally spaced at one every ¹⁄₁₂₀ of a mile.); A nautical mile; The bulbus glandis; In omegaverse fiction, a bulbus glandis-like structure on the penis of a male alpha, which ties him to an omega during intercourse.(v) To form into a knot; to tie with a knot or knots.; To form wrinkles in the forehead, as a sign of concentration, concern, surprise, etc.; To unite closely; to knit together.; To entangle or perplex; to puzzle.; To form knots.; To knit knots for a fringe.(n) One of a variety of shore birds; the red-breasted sandpiper (variously Calidris canutus or Tringa canutus).
knots: (n) plural of knot(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of knot
knotty: (aj) Full of knots.; Complicated or tricky; complex, difficult.
knout: (n) A leather scourge (multi-tail whip), in the severe version known as 'great knout' with metal weights on each tongue, notoriously used in imperial Russia.(v) To flog or beat with a knout.
know: (v) To perceive the truth or factuality of; to be certain of or that.; To be aware of; to be cognizant of.; To be acquainted or familiar with; to have encountered.; To experience.; To be able to distinguish, to discern, particularly by contrast or comparison; to recognize the nature of.; To recognize as the same (as someone or something previously encountered) after an absence or change.; To understand or have a grasp of through experience or study.; To have sexual relations with. This meaning normally specified in modern English as e.g. to ’know someone in the biblical sense’ or to ‘know Biblically.’; To have knowledge; to have information, be informed.; To be or become aware or cognizant.; To be acquainted (with another person).; To be able to play or perform (a song or other piece of music).(n) Knowledge; the state of knowing.; Knowledge; the state of knowing; now confined to the fixed phrase ‘in the know’
knowe: (n) A small hill; a knoll.(v) Obsolete spelling of know
knowes: (n) plural of knowe
known: (aj) Identified as a specific type; famous, renowned.; Accepted, familiar, researched.(n) Any fact or situation which is known or familiar.; A constant or variable the value of which is already determined.(v) past participle of know
knows: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of know; All persons, singular and plural, present form of know.(n) plural of know
Knox: (N) A Scottish surname, from Scottish Gaelic.; A male given name from the surname.(n) Ellipsis of Knox Box
knur: (n) A knurl.; The small wooden ball in the game of trap ball, or knurr and spell.
knurl: (n) A contorted knot in wood.; A crossgrained protuberance; a nodule; a boss or projection.; A lined or crossgrained pattern of ridges or indentations rolled or pressed into a part for grip.(v) To roll or press a pattern of ridges or indentations into a part for grip.
knurly: (aj) Gnarled or knotty; hard and misshapen.
knut: (n) An idle upper-class man-about-town
Knut: (N) Alternative form of Cnut (“historical name”)
ko: (n) A local shape to which the ko rule applies; a ko shape.; ko fight; a stone in a ko in atari, a ko stone
Ko: (N) Synonym of Fungor (“language of Sudan”)
KO: (v) To knock someone out, to render someone unconscious.; To start play.
koa: (n) Acacia koa, a species of large tree in the family Fabaceae which is endemic to and common on the islands of Hawaii; or the wood of this tree.
koala: (n) A tree-dwelling marsupial, Phascolarctos cinereus, that resembles a small bear with a broad head, large ears and sharp claws, mainly found in eastern Australia.
Koala: (N) A surname.; A West African placename; A village and commune of the Saaba department, Kadiogo, Centre, Burkina Faso; A West African placename; A village and commune of the Sourgoubila department, Kourwéogo, Plateau-Central, Burkina Faso; A West African placename; A former settlement and capital of Koala, Liptako, West Africa, destroyed at the end of the eponymous kingdom by Fula rebellion; A West African placename; A former kingdom in Liptako, West Africa founded by the Gourmantché people; A West African placename; A former kingdom in Liptako, West Africa founded by the Gourmantché people after the destruction of the first kingdom by the Fula
koan: (n) A story about a Zen master and his student, sometimes like a riddle, other times like a fable, which has become an object of Zen study, and which, when meditated upon, may unlock mechanisms in the Zen student’s mind leading to satori.; A riddle with no solution, used to provoke reflection on the inadequacy of logical reasoning, and to lead to enlightenment.
kob: (n) An African antelope closely related to the lechwe and the waterbuck, Kobus kob.; Any of several large game fish of the family Sciaenidae, especially the kabeljou (dusky kob or great kob), or perhaps the smaller squaretail kob.
Kobe: (N) The capital city of Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan.; A male given name(i) Exclaimed, while throwing something at a target, as a prediction or acknowledgement of accuracy.
kobold: (n) An ambivalent, sometimes vindictive, spirit that is capable of materialising as an object or human, often a child; a sprite.; A mischievous elf or goblin, or one connected (and helpful) to a family or household.; One of a diminutive and usually malevolent race of beings.
kodak: (n) A camera: a device for taking still photographs.; A still photograph.(v) To photograph.; To describe or characterise briefly and vividly.
Kodiak: (n) A Kodiak bear(N) A town in Alaska: see Wikipedia:Kodiak, Alaska
koel: (n) A cuckoo of the genus Eudynamys, native to Asia, Australia and the Pacific.
kohl: (n) A dark powder (usually powdered antimony) used as eye makeup, especially in Eastern countries; stibnite.(v) To decorate one's eyes with kohl.
Kohl: (N) A surname, from German.
koine: (n) A lingua franca.; A regional language that becomes standard over time.
Koine: (N) The “common” Greek language that developed and flourished between 300 B.C.E. and 300 C.E. (the time of the Roman Empire), and from which Modern Greek descended. It was based on the Attic and Ionian dialects of Ancient Greek.
kola: (n) A tree, genus Cola, bearing large brown seeds ("nuts") that are the source of cola extract.; A nut of this tree.; Alternative form of cola (“drink made with kola nut flavoring”)
Kola: (N) The Kola Peninsula.; A river on the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast, Russia.; A town on the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast, Russia.(N) A surname.
kolo: (n) A national folk dance common in regions pertaining to South Slavic people, performed in a circle.
koodoo: (n) Alternative spelling of kudu
kook: (n) An eccentric, strange or crazy person.; A boardsport participant who lacks style or skill; a newbie who acts as if they are better at the sport than they are.
kooked: (v) plural of kook
kooking: (v) plural of kook
kooky: (aj) Eccentric, strange, or foolish; crazy or insane; kookish.; Behaving like a kook (a person with poor style or skill); kook-like.
kop: (n) A hill or mountain.(n) Rare spelling of cop (“dome, in armor”).
Kop: (n) A terrace at a football ground, originally for standing spectators, though all-seater stadia have been mandatory for larger UK clubs since 1994.
kopeck: (n) Alternative spelling of kopek
koph: (n) Alternative form of qoph
kopje: (n) A small hill or mound (especially on the African veld).
kopjes: (n) plural of kopje
kor: (n) Alternative form of cor: a former Hebrew and Phoenician unit of volume.
Kor: (N) A surname.
Koran: (n) Alternative spelling of Qur'an(N) Alternative spelling of Qur'an(N) A surname, from Czech.
Korea: (N) A nation in East Asia. Since World War II, Korea has been divided into two sovereign states, commonly called South Korea and North Korea.; The Republic of Korea (South Korea).; The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (North Korea).; The Korean Peninsula.
Korean: (aj) Of or relating to the Asian Peninsula comprising North Korea and South Korea.; Of or relating to the Korean language.(N) Official language of the people residing on the Korean Peninsula, and language of approximately 60 million people, in Asia, North America, and elsewhere.(n) Designation given to the indigenous or naturalized people occupying the Korean Peninsula on the Asian continent, in either North Korea or South Korea.
koruna: (n) The currency of the former Czechoslovakia, divided into 100 hellers.; The currency of the Czech Republic, divided into 100 hellers.; The former currency of Slovakia, divided into 100 haliers.
Kos: (N) An island in the Dodecanese, Greece.
KOs: (n) plural of KO(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of KO
Koses: (n) plural Kos
kosher: (aj) Fit for use or consumption, in accordance with Jewish law (especially relating to food).; In accordance with standards or usual practice.(av) In a kosher manner; in accordance with kashrut.(v) To kasher; to prepare (for example, meat) in conformity with the requirements of the Jewish law.
koto: (n) A Japanese stringed instrument having numerous strings, usually seven or thirteen, that are stretched over a convex wooden sounding board and are plucked with three plectra, worn on the thumb, index finger, and middle finger of one hand.
koumis: (n) Alternative form of koumiss
koumises: (n) plural of koumis
kowtow: (v) To grovel, act in a very submissive manner.; To kneel and bow low enough to touch one’s forehead to the ground.; To bow very deeply.; To bow to or show obeisance to.(n) The act of kowtowing.
kraal: (n) In Central and Southern Africa, a small rural community.; In Central and Southern Africa, a rural village of huts surrounded by a stockade.; An enclosure for livestock.(v) To enclose (livestock) within a kraal or stockade.
kraft: (n) A kind of strong, smooth brown wrapping paper.
Kraft: (N) A surname.
krafts: (n) plural of kraft
krait: (n) Any of several brightly-coloured, venomous snakes, of the genus Bungarus, of southeast Asia.
kraken: (n) Alternative form of Kraken
Kraken: (N) A colossal sea monster that attacks ships and sailors, often portrayed as a giant octopus or squid.
kraut: (n) Clipping of sauerkraut.(n) Alternative letter-case form of Kraut (“German”)
Kraut: (n) A German.
krill: (n) any of several small marine crustacean species of plankton in the order Euphausiacea in the class Malacostraca.
Krill: (N) A surname.
kris: (n) A traditional Indonesian or Malay dagger having a tapering, usually serpentine blade.; A Moro sword with an asymmetrical blade.(v) To stab with a kris.
Kris: (N) A diminutive of the female given names Kristina, Christina, Kristin, Kristine and related given names.; A diminutive of the male given names Christopher, Christian, and related given names.
krona: (n) The official currency of Sweden.
krone: (n) The currency of Iceland, Denmark (including Greenland and the Faroe Islands) and Norway, divided into 100 øre, except in Iceland where 1 króna = 100 aurar.
kronen: (n) plural of krone
kroner: (n) plural of krone
Kroner: (N) A surname.
Kronos: (N) Alternative form of Cronus
kroon: (n) The former currency of Estonia, divided into 100 senti
Kroon: (N) A surname.
Kruger: (N) A surname.
Krupp: (N) A surname, from German.
kuchen: (n) Any of several types of cake, typically eaten with coffee.
kuchens: (n) plural of kuchen
kudu: (n) A large, striped, African antelope of the species Tragelaphus imberbis (the lesser kudu) or Tragelaphus strepsiceros (the greater kudu).
Kufic: (aj) Original form of Arabic script.; Relating to the Iraqi city of Kufah.(N) Original form of Arabic script, consisting of a modified form of Old South Arabian and old Nabataean scripts.
kukri: (n) A curved Nepalese knife used especially by Gurkha fighters; many variants exist, but all share recurve as a common theme.
kulak: (n) A prosperous peasant in the Russian Empire or the Soviet Union, who owned land and could hire workers.
Kulak: (N) A surname.
kultur: (n) German culture or civilization, especially seen as authoritarian or racist during the period of world wars (1914-18 and 1939-45)
Kultur: (n) Alternative spelling of kultur
kulturs: (n) plural of kultur
kumiss: (n) Alternative spelling of koumiss
kumisses: (n) plural of kumiss
Kurd: (n) A member of the linguistically and culturally distinct people who speak Kurdish and mainly inhabit those parts of Turkey, Iran, Iraq and Syria sometimes known as Kurdistan.
kurgan: (n) A prehistoric burial mound once used by peoples in Siberia and Central Asia.
Kurgan: (N) An oblast of Russia in Siberia.; A city, the administrative center of Kurgan Oblast, Russia. Originally called Tsaryovo Gorodishche (Russian Царёво Городи́ще n (Carjóvo Gorodíšče)) (1662-1782).
kurus: (n) a subdivision of currency, equal to one hundredth of a Turkish lira
kutch: (n) A packet of vellum leaves in which gold is beaten into thin sheets.
Kutch: (N) A district of Gujarat, India.
Kuvasz: (n) A large, usually white breed of dog with its ancient origins in Hungary.
Kuwait: (N) A country in Western Asia, in the Middle East. Official name: State of Kuwait.; Alternative form of Kuwait City, the capital city of Kuwait.
kvass: (n) A fermented cereal-based low alcoholic beverage, often flavored with fruit, honey and herbs.
kyat: (n) The official currency of Myanmar.
kyle: (n) A narrow arm or channel of the sea between an island and the mainland, or between two islands.
Kyle: (N) A habitational surname, from Scottish Gaelic.; A unisex given name; A male given name transferred from the surname.; A unisex given name; A female given name transferred from the surname.; A placename; A town in Saskatchewan, Canada; A placename; A census-designated place in South Dakota, United States; A placename; A city in Texas, United States
kylix: (n) An Ancient Greek drinking cup with a stem, two handles, and a broad, shallow body
Kyoto: (N) A prefecture of Japan.; The capital city of Kyoto Prefecture, Japan, and the country's former capital.; The Kyoto Protocol.
