y: (C) The twenty-fifth letter of the English alphabet, called wy or wye and written in the Latin script.
Y: (C) The twenty-fifth letter of the English alphabet, called wye and written in the Latin script.; Used for the Greek letter Υ (Y, “upsilon”).(n) A figure or mark in the shape of the letter Y.; A Y-shaped object, such as a railroad fork or a support for a telescope; a wye, a bifurcation.; A moth of the genus Plusia, having markings resembling the letter Y.(N) Short for the YMCA or YWCA.(n) A particular facility run by the YMCA/YWCA.
yabber: (v) To talk, jabber.
yacht: (n) A slick and light ship for making pleasure trips or racing on water, having sails but often motor-powered. At times used as a residence offshore on a dock.; Any vessel used for private, noncommercial purposes.(v) To sail, voyage, or race in a yacht.
yachts: (n) plural of yacht(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of yacht
yah: (av) Yes.(i) An expression uttered to encourage a horse to run faster.(n) An upper-class person, especially a Sloane Ranger.
Yah: (N) Alternative form of Jah
yahoo: (n) A rough, coarse, loud or uncouth person; A humanoid cryptid said to exist in parts of eastern Australia, and also reported in the Bahamas.(i) An exclamation of joy or enjoyment.; A battle cry.(v) To give a cry of "yahoo".(v) To search using the Yahoo! search engine.
Yahoo: (n) One of a race of brutes, who look and act similar to men, inhabiting the same land as the civilized Houyhnhnms.(n) An employee of the Internet company Yahoo!.(v) Alternative letter-case form of yahoo
Yahweh: (N) The name of the God of Israel worshipped by the Jahwist prophets in the kingdoms of Israel and Judah in antiquity.; In "Sacred Name Bibles", the transliteration of the Tetragrammaton.
yak: (n) An ox-like mammal native to the Himalayas, Mongolia, Burma, and Tibet with dark, long, and silky hair, a horse-like tail, and a full, bushy mane.(v) To talk, particularly informally but persistently; to chatter or prattle.; To vomit, usually as a result of excessive alcohol consumption.(n) A talk, particular an informal talk; chattering; gossip.; A laugh.; Vomit.(n) A kayak.
yakka: (n) Work.(v) To work.
yakkas: (n) plural of yakka
Yakut: (n) One of a Siberian people who speak a Turkic language, and live in the Lena river basin.(N) The language of these people.
Yalta: (N) A city in Crimea; The Yalta Conference (1945).
yam: (n) Any climbing vine of the genus Dioscorea in the Eastern and Western hemispheres, usually cultivated.; The edible, starchy, tuberous root of that plant, a tropical staple food.; A sweet potato; a tuber from the species Ipomoea batatas.; Potato.; A oca; a tuber from the species Oxalis tuberosa.; Taro.; An orange-brown colour, like the flesh of the yam.(n) home(v) Pronunciation spelling of am.
Yam: (N) A surname.
yamen: (n) A residence of an official of the Chinese Empire.
yammer: (v) To complain peevishly.; To talk loudly and persistently.; To repeat on and on, usually loudly or in complaint.; To make an outcry; to clamor.(n) The act or noise of yammering.; A loud noise.; One who yammers.
yams: (n) plural of yam
Yams: (N) plural of Yam
yang: (n) A principle in Chinese and related East Asian philosophies associated with bright, hot, masculine, etc. elements of the natural world.(n) The monetary unit of Korea from 1892 to 1902, divided into 100 pun.(v) To make the cry of the wild goose.(n) The cry of the wild goose; a honk.
Yang: (N) Alternative letter-case form of yang when used as a proper noun.(N) A Chinese surname, from Chinese of various origins.; A Korean surname, from Korean of various origins.; A county of Hanzhong, Shaanxi, China.
yank: (n) A sudden, vigorous pull (sometimes defined as mass times jerk, or rate of change of force).; A masturbation session.(v) To pull (something) with a quick, strong action.; To remove from distribution.(n) A Yankee.
Yank: (n) A Yankee, a Northerner: someone from the Northern United States, especially from New England.; An American: someone from the United States.
yanked: (v) simple past tense and past participle of yank
yankee: (n) A headsail resembling a genoa or a jib but with a high-cut clew, normally used together with a staysail. A sailing boat is typically equipped with three yankee sails of different sizes, number one being the largest.
Yankee: (n) A native or inhabitant of the United States.; A native or inhabitant of the Northern United States.; A native or inhabitant of New England.; An Anglo, as opposed to someone with French ancestry; a native or inhabitant of the rest of the United States.; A large triangular headsail used in light or moderate winds and set on the fore topmast stay. Unlike a genoa it does not fill the whole fore triangle, but is set in combination with the working staysail.; A player that plays for the New York Yankees.; A wager on four selections, consisting of 11 separate bets: six doubles, four trebles and a fourfold accumulator. A minimum two selections must win to gain a return.(v) to cheat, trick or swindle somebody; to misrepresent something
yap: (n) The high-pitched bark of a small dog, or similar.; Casual talk; chatter.; The mouth, which produces speech.; A badly behaved child; a brat.(v) Of a small dog, to bark.; To talk, especially excessively; to chatter.; To rob or steal from (someone).
Yap: (N) An island in the Caroline Islands of western Micronesia.(N) A surname.
yapok: (n) The water opossum (Chironectes minimus)
yapon: (n) Alternative form of yaupon
yard: (n) A small, usually uncultivated area adjoining or (now especially) within the precincts of a house or other building.; The property surrounding one's house, typically dominated by one's lawn.; An enclosed area designated for a specific purpose, e.g. on farms, railways etc.; A place where moose or deer herd together in winter for pasture, protection, etc.; One’s house or home.(v) To confine to a yard.(n) A unit of length equal to 3 feet in the US customary and British imperial systems of measurement, equal to precisely 0.9144 m since 1959 (US) or 1963 (UK).; Units of similar composition or length in other systems.; Any spar carried aloft.; A long tapered timber hung on a mast to which is bent a sail, and may be further qualified as a square, lateen, or lug yard. The first is hung at right angles to the mast, the latter two hang obliquely.; A branch, twig, or shoot.; A staff, rod, or stick.; A penis.; 100 dollars.; The yardland, an obsolete English unit of land roughly understood as 30 acres.; The rod, a surveying unit of (once) 15 or (now) 16+¹⁄₂ feet.; The rood, area bound by a square rod, ¹⁄₄ acre.(v) To move a yard at a time, as opposed to inching along.(n) 10⁹, A short scale billion; a long scale thousand millions or milliard.
Yard: (N) Scotland Yard or New Scotland Yard; Jamaica; The Metropolitan Police Service
yards: (n) plural of yard(n) The totality of the sailing rig.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of yard
yare: (aj) Ready; prepared.; Ready, alert, prepared, prompt.; Eager, keen, lively, handy; agile, nimble.; Easily manageable and responsive to the helm; yar.(av) Yarely.(n) Alternative form of yair
Yare: (N) A river in Norfolk, England, which flows into the North Sea at Great Yarmouth.
yarn: (n) A twisted strand of fiber used for knitting or weaving.; Bundles of fibers twisted together, and which in turn are twisted in bundles to form strands, which in their turn are twisted or plaited to form rope.; A story, a tale, especially one that is incredible.(v) To tell a story or stories.
yarns: (n) plural of yarn(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of yarn
yarrow: (n) Any of several pungent Eurasian and North American herbs, of the genus Achillea, used in traditional herbal medicine.; Common yarrow, Achillea millefolium, the type species of the genus.(n) The green woodpecker, Picus viridis.
Yarrow: (N) A river in Lancashire, England, which flows into the River Douglas.; A river, named Yarrow Water, in Scottish Borders council area, Scotland.; A hamlet and parish in the Yarrow Valley, Scottish Borders council area (OS grid ref NT3527).; A hamlet in Sedgemoor district, Somerset, England.; A small community in British Columbia, Canada.; An unincorporated community in Missouri, United States.; A surname.
yaupon: (n) The yaupon holly, Ilex vomitoria, an evergreen holly shrub with white flowers and red or yellow berries, found in the south-eastern United States.; A tea-like drink, "black drink", brewed from the leaves of this holly (or, sometimes, Ilex cassine).
yautia: (n) An edible plant commonly found in the Caribbean: Xanthosoma sagittifolium, new cocoyam.
yaw: (n) The rotation of an aircraft, ship, or missile about its vertical axis so as to cause the longitudinal axis of the aircraft, ship, or missile to deviate from the flight line or heading in its horizontal plane.; The angle between the longitudinal axis of a projectile at any moment and the tangent to the trajectory in the corresponding point of flight of the projectile.; A vessel's motion rotating about the vertical axis, so the bow yaws from side to side; a characteristic of unsteadiness.; The extent of yawing; the rotation angle about the vertical axis.(v) To turn about the vertical axis while maintaining course.; To swerve off course to port or starboard.; To steer badly, zigzagging back and forth across the intended course of a boat; to go out of the line of course.; To rise in blisters, breaking in white froth, as cane juice in the clarifiers in sugar works.(n) A single tumor in the disease called yaws.
Yaw: (N) A surname.
yawl: (n) A small ship's boat, usually rowed by four or six oars.; A fore-and-aft rigged sailing vessel with two masts, main and mizzen, the mizzen stepped abaft the rudder post.(v) To cry out; to howl.
yawn: (v) To open the mouth widely and take a long, rather deep breath, often because one is tired or bored, and sometimes accompanied by pandiculation.; To say while yawning.; To present a wide opening; gape.; To open the mouth, or to gape, through surprise or bewilderment.; To be eager; to desire to swallow anything; to express desire by yawning.(n) The action of yawning; opening the mouth widely and taking a long, rather deep breath, often because one is tired or bored.; A particularly boring event.
Yawn: (N) A surname.
yawned: (v) simple past tense and past participle of yawn
yawns: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of yawn(n) plural of yawn
Yawns: (N) plural of Yawn
yawp: (v) to yelp, or utter a sharp cry, as in intense pain, or another raucous noise; to talk loudly and coarsely; clamor, utter loud complaints(n) a yelp or bark; loud or coarse talk
yaws: (n) A contagious tropical disease, caused by the spirochete Treponema pertenue, characterized by yellowish or reddish tumors, which often resemble berries.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of yaw(n) plural of yaw
Yaws: (N) plural of Yaw
ybet: (v) plural of beat
ycled: (v) plural of clothe
yclept: (aj) Called (by a certain name), named.(v) past participle of clepe
ydred: (v) plural of dread
ye: (P) You (the people being addressed).; You, refers to one person addressed.(a) the(i) Yes, yeah.(n) The Cyrillic letter Е, е, featured in various Slavic and Turkic languages.
Ye: (N) Anglicized version of 葉/叶, the 43rd most common Chinese surname.
yea: (av) Yes, indeed.; Thus, so (now often accompanied by a hand gesture by way of measurement).(c) Or even, or more like, nay. Introduces a stronger and more appropriate expression than the preceding one.(i) Yeah, right, yes.(n) An affirmative vote, usually but not always spoken(i) Alternative spelling of yeah(i) Misspelling of yay.
yeah: (pa) yes.; Used to express acknowledgment of what was previously said.(i) Expressing joy, celebration, glee, etc.(n) Pronunciation spelling of year.
yean: (v) To give birth to.
year: (n) A solar year, the time it takes the Earth to complete one revolution of the Sun (between 365.24 and 365.26 days depending on the point of reference).; The time it takes for any astronomical object (such as a planet, dwarf planet, small Solar System body, or comet) in direct orbit around a star (such as the Sun) to make one revolution around the star.; A period between set dates that mark a year, from January 1 to December 31 by the Gregorian calendar, from Tishiri 1 to Elul 29 by the Jewish calendar, and from Muharram 1 to Dhu al-Hijjah 29 or 30 by the Islamic calendar.; A scheduled part of a calendar year spent in a specific activity.; A Julian year, exactly 365.25 days, represented by "a".; A level or grade in school or college.; The proportion of a creature's lifespan equivalent to one year of an average human lifespan (see also dog year).(n) Pronunciation spelling of here.; Pronunciation spelling of hear.
yearly: (aj) Happening once every year.; Over the course of one year(av) Once a year.; Every year.(n) Something that is published once a year.
yearn: (v) To have a strong desire for something or to do something; to long for or to do something.; To long for something in the past with melancholy or nostalgia.; Of music, words, etc.: to express strong desire or longing.; To have strong feelings of affection, love, sympathy, etc., toward someone.; To be distressed or pained; to grieve; to mourn.; Often followed by out: to perform (music) which conveys or say (words) which express strong desire or longing.; To have a strong desire or longing (for something or to do something).; To cause (someone) to have strong feelings of affection, love, sympathy, etc.; also, to grieve or pain (someone).(n) A strong desire or longing; a yearning, a yen.(v) Of milk: to curdle, especially in the cheesemaking process.; Of cheese: to be made from curdled milk.; To curdle (milk), especially in the cheesemaking process.; To make (cheese) from curdled milk.
yearns: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of yearn
yeas: (n) plural of yea
yeast: (n) An often humid, yellowish froth produced by fermenting malt worts, and used to brew beer, leaven bread, and also used in certain medicines.; A single-celled fungus of a wide variety of taxonomic families.; A true yeast or budding yeast in order Saccharomycetales.; A single-celled fungus of a wide variety of taxonomic families.; Candida, a ubiquitous fungus that can cause various kinds of infections in humans.; A frothy foam.(v) To ferment.; To rise.; To exaggerate
Yeast: (N) A surname.
yeasty: (aj) Having or resembling yeast.; Foamy and frothy.; Emotionally bubbling over (as with exuberance); Trivial.
yegg: (n) A person who breaks open safes; a burglar.
yeld: (aj) barren, not pregnant, not giving milk
yell: (v) shout; holler; make a loud sound with the voice.; to convey by shouting; to tell someone off (in a loud and angry manner)(n) A shout.; A phrase to be shouted.(aj) dry (of cow)
Yell: (N) The second-largest island in the Shetland Islands council area, Scotland.; An unincorporated community in Marshall County, Tennessee, United States, named after Archibald Yell.; A surname.
yelled: (v) simple past tense and past participle of yell
yellow: (aj) Having yellow as its color.; Lacking courage.; Characterized by sensationalism, lurid content, and doubtful accuracy.; Of the skin, having the colour traditionally attributed to Far East Asians, especially Chinese.; Far East Asian (relating to Asian people).; Of mixed Aboriginal and Caucasian ancestry.; Synonym of high yellow; Related to the Liberal Democrats.; Related to the Free Democratic Party of Germany.(n) The colour of gold, cheese, or a lemon; the colour obtained by mixing green and red light, or by subtracting blue from white light.; The intermediate light in a set of three traffic lights, the illumination of which indicates that drivers should stop short of the intersection if it is safe to do so.; One of the colour balls used in snooker, with a value of 2 points.; One of two groups of object balls, or a ball from that group, as used in the principally British version of pool that makes use of unnumbered balls (the (yellow(s) and red(s)); contrast stripes and solids in the originally American version with numbered balls).; A yellow card.; Any of various pierid butterflies of the subfamily Coliadinae, especially the yellow coloured species. Compare sulphur.(v) To become yellow or more yellow.; To make (something) yellow or more yellow.
yells: (n) plural of yell(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of yell
yelp: (n) An abrupt, high-pitched noise or utterance.; A type of emergency vehicle siren sounding quicker and more intense than the wail.(v) To utter an abrupt, high-pitched noise.
yelped: (v) simple past tense and past participle of yelp
yelps: (n) plural of yelp(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of yelp
Yemen: (N) A country in Western Asia, in the Middle East. Official name: Republic of Yemen; A region in the southern Arabian Peninsula; the Arabia Felix
yen: (n) The unit of Japanese currency (symbol: ¥) since 1871, divided into 100 sen.; A coin or note worth one yen.(n) A strong desire, urge, or yearning.(v) To have a strong desire for.(n) Opium.
Yen: (N) Alternative form of Yan
yenta: (n) A woman who meddles in the business of others; a busybody; a female gossipmonger.; A matchmaker; a woman who specializes in finding spouses.
yeoman: (n) An official providing honorable service in a royal or high noble household, ranking between a squire and a page. Especially, a yeoman of the guard, a member of a ceremonial bodyguard to the UK monarch (not to be confused with a Yeoman Warder).; A dependable, diligent, or loyal worker or someone who does a great service.; A former class of small freeholders who farm their own land; a commoner of good standing.; A subordinate, deputy, aide, or assistant.; A Yeoman Warder.; A clerk in the US Navy, and US Coast Guard.; In a vessel of war, the person in charge of the storeroom.; A member of the Yeomanry Cavalry, officially chartered in 1794 originating around the 1760s.; A member of the Imperial Yeomanry, officially created in 1890s and renamed in 1907.; Any of various nymphalid butterflies of the genus Cirrochroa, of Asia and Australasia.
Yeoman: (N) A surname, from occupations.
yeomen: (n) plural of yeoman
yep: (av) Yes.(n) Yes.
Yep: (N) A surname, from Cantonese.
yes: (pa) Used to show agreement or acceptance.; Used to indicate disagreement or dissent in reply to a negative statement.; Answer to a question presuming one answer when all answers are correct.; An exclamation of pleasure or approval, usually transcribed with an exclamation point.(i) Used to express pleasure, joy, or great excitement.; Response that confirms that the user is paying attention.; used to ask for more information with a request.(n) An affirmative expression; an answer that shows agreement or acceptance.; A vote of support or in favor/favour of something.(v) to agree with, affirm, approve.; to attempt to flatter someone by habitually agreeing(av) that is correct
yester: (av) Yesterday.(aj) Of or pertaining to yesterday.(n) Yesterday.
yet: (av) Thus far; up to the present; up to some specified time.; In negative or interrogative use, often with an expectation or potential of something happening in the future.; Thus far; up to the present; up to some specified time.; In negative imperative use, asking for an action to be delayed.; Thus far; up to the present; up to some specified time.; In affirmative use: still.; At some future time; eventually.; Not as of the time referenced.; In addition.; Even.(c) Nevertheless; however; but; despite that.(v) To pour.; To melt; found; cast (e.g. metal, by pouring it into a mould when molten).(n) A metal pan or boiler; yetling.(v) To get.
yeti: (n) An unidentified humanoid animal said to live in the Himalayas.
yew: (n) A species of coniferous tree, Taxus baccata, with dark-green flat needle-like leaves and seeds bearing red arils, native to western, central and southern Europe, northwest Africa, northern Iran and southwest Asia.; Any tree or shrub of the genus Taxus.; Other conifers resembling plants in genus Taxus; in family Podocarpaceae; Other conifers resembling plants in genus Taxus; in family Cephalotaxaceae; The wood of the such trees.; A bow for archery, made of yew wood.(aj) Made from the wood of the yew tree.(P) Eye dialect spelling of you.
yews: (n) plural of yew
yid: (n) Alternative letter-case form of Yid
Yid: (n) a Jew(n) a Jew; a supporter or club member of Tottenham Hotspur F.C.
yield: (v) To pay, give in payment; repay, recompense; reward; requite.; To furnish; to afford; to render; to give forth.; To give way; to allow another to pass first.; To give as required; to surrender, relinquish or capitulate.; To give, or give forth, (anything).; To give way; to succumb to a force.; To produce as return, as from an investment.; To produce as a result.; To produce a particular sound as the result of a sound law.; To pass the material's yield point and undergo plastic deformation.; To admit to be true; to concede; to allow.(n) Payment; tribute.; A product; the quantity of something produced.; The explosive energy value of a bomb, especially a nuke, usually expressed in tons of TNT equivalent.; The current return as a percentage of the price of a stock or bond.; Profit earned from an investment; return on investment.
yields: (n) plural of yield(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of yield
yip: (n) a sharp, high-pitched bark(v) to bark with a sharp, high-pitched voice
Yip: (N) A surname.
yippee: (i) Used to express joy or elation.
yippie: (n) A member of the Youth International Party, a group of politically active hippies.(i) Alternative form of yippee
Yippie: (n) Alternative letter-case form of yippie (“member of the Youth International Party”)
ylem: (n) In the Big Bang theory, the hot and dense plasma which made up the cosmos at the time of recombination in an early stage of its expansion and cooling, when the first atoms formed and photons decoupled. The ylem is regarded as the source of the cosmic microwave background.
ylems: (n) plural of ylem
yo: (i) A greeting similar to hi.; An interjection similar to hey.; Present! Here!(d) Pronunciation spelling of your.(P) third-person singular, familiar(n) The letter Ё, ё.(0) Short for yoleven.
yod: (n) Alternative form of yodh; A palatal approximant, /j/.(n) Pronunciation spelling of yard.
yodel: (v) To sing (a song) in such a way that the voice fluctuates rapidly between the normal chest voice and falsetto.(n) A song incorporating yodelling.; An act of yodelling
yodle: (v) Archaic form of yodel.(n) Archaic form of yodel.
yoga: (n) Any of several Hindu or Buddhist disciplines aimed at training the consciousness for a state of perfect spiritual insight and tranquillity; especially a system of exercises practiced to promote control of the body and mind.(n) The tree Elaeocarpus joga.
Yoga: (N) One of the six schools of Hindu philosophy.(n) Alternative letter-case form of yoga
yogh: (n) A letter of the Middle English alphabet (capital Ȝ, small ȝ), in form derived from the Old English shape of the letter g, and used to represent various palatal and velar sounds.
yogi: (n) A devotee or adherent of yoga.(v) To turn (someone) into a yogi; to lead into practicing yoga.(v) To persuade someone to give you food or other favors without actually begging.
Yogi: (aj) Alternative letter-case form of yogi(n) Alternative letter-case form of yogi
yogini: (n) A female yogi.
yogurt: (n) A milk-based product stiffened by a bacterium-aided curdling process, and sometimes mixed with fruit or other flavoring.; Any similar product based on other substances (e.g. soy yogurt).
yoicks: (i) A hunting cry used to urge hounds after a fox or other quarry.
yoicksed: (v) plural of yoicks
yoickses: (v) plural of yoicks
yoicksing: (v) plural of yoicks
yoke: (n) Senses relating to a frame around the neck.; A bar or frame by which two oxen or other draught animals are joined at their necks enabling them to pull a cart, plough, etc.; (by extension) a device attached to a single draught animal for the same purpose.; Senses relating to a frame around the neck.; Any of various linking or supporting objects that resembles a yoke (sense 1.1); a crosspiece, a curved bar, etc.; Senses relating to a frame around the neck.; Senses relating to a pair of harnessed draught animals.; A pair of draught animals, especially oxen, yoked together to pull something.; Senses relating to a pair of harnessed draught animals.; A pair of things linked in some way.; Senses relating to a pair of harnessed draught animals.; A carriage, a horse and cart; (by extension, generally) a car or other vehicle.; Senses relating to a pair of harnessed draught animals.; A miscellaneous object; a gadget.; Senses relating to a pair of harnessed draught animals.; A chap, a fellow.; Senses relating to a pair of harnessed draught animals.; A pill of a psychoactive drug.; Senses relating to quantities, and other extended uses.; An area of arable land, specifically one consisting of a quarter of a suling, or around 50–60 acres (20–24 hectares); hence, a small manor or piece of land.; Senses relating to quantities, and other extended uses.; An amount of work done with draught animals, lasting about half a day; (by extension) an amount or shift of any work.; Senses relating to quantities, and other extended uses.(v) To join (several draught animals) together with a yoke; also, to fasten a yoke (on one or more draught animals) to pull a cart, plough, etc.; or to attach (a cart, plough, etc.) to a draught animal.; To put (one's arm or arms) around someone's neck, waist, etc.; also, to surround (someone's neck, waist, etc.) with one's arms.; To put (something) around someone's neck like a yoke; also, to surround (someone's neck) with something.; To be joined to (another person) in wedlock (often with the implication that it is a burdensome state); to be or become married to (someone).; To be or become connected, linked, or united in a relationship; to have dealings with.; To be or become joined in wedlock; to be married, to wed.(n) Misspelling of yolk.
yoked: (aj) Wearing a yoke.; Having large and well-defined muscles particularly at the neck and the trapezii (forming thus the “yoke“).; Married.(v) simple past tense and past participle of yoke
yokel: (n) A person from or living in the countryside, viewed as being unsophisticated and/or naive.
yokes: (n) plural of yoke(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of yoke
yolk: (n) The yellow, spherical part of an egg that is surrounded by the white albumen, and serves as nutriment for the growing young.; The grease in a sheep's fleece.
yolks: (n) plural of yolk
yon: (aj) That (thing) over there; of something distant, but within sight.(av) yonder.(P) That one or those over there.
Yon: (N) A male given name; A surname.(N) A surname, from French.(N) A surname, from Korean.
yond: (aj) further; more distant; yonder(av) yonder(aj) Furious; mad; angry; fierce.
yonder: (av) At or in a distant but indicated place.; Synonym of thither: to a distant but indicated place.(aj) The farther, the more distant of two choices.(d) Who or which is over yonder, usually distant but within sight.; One who or which is over yonder, usually distant but within sight.(n) The vast distance, particularly the sky or trackless forest.
yoni: (n) The vulva or vagina, or a symbol of them, especially as an object of veneration within certain types of Hinduism, Buddhism, and other cultures.
Yonne: (N) One of the départements of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté, France. Capital: Auxerre.; A river in France, see w:Yonne River
yore: (n) a time long past.(av) In time long past; long ago.
Yoruba: (n) An ethnic group or tribe living mainly in southwest Nigeria, southern Benin, and eastern Togo and, as well as in communities elsewhere in West Africa, Brazil and Cuba.(N) A sub-Saharan language. It belongs to the Benue-Congo branch of the Niger-Congo language family, and has nearly 40 million speakers in Nigeria, Benin, Togo and Sierra Leone, as well as communities in Brazil and Cuba.; An African traditional religion which spawned various offshoots in the Americas in the 15th to 19th centuries. These include santería and Lucumí. See Yoruba religion.
you: (P) The people spoken, or written to, as an object.; (To) yourselves, (to) yourself.; The person spoken to or written to, as an object. (Replacing thee; originally as a mark of respect.); The people spoken to or written to, as a subject. (Replacing ye.); The person spoken to or written to, as a subject. (Originally as a mark of respect.); Anyone, one; an unspecified individual or group of individuals (as subject or object).(d) The individual or group spoken or written to.; Used before epithets, describing the person being addressed, for emphasis.(v) To address (a person) using the pronoun you (in the past, especially to use you rather than thou, when you was considered more formal).
You: (P) Honorific alternative letter-case form of you, sometimes used when referring to God or another important figure who is understood from context.(N) A surname of Chinese origin.
young: (aj) In the early part of growth or life; born not long ago.; At an early stage of existence or development; having recently come into existence.; advanced in age; (far towards or) at a specified stage of existence or age.; Junior (of two related people with the same name).; Early.; Youthful; having the look or qualities of a young person.; Of or belonging to the early part of life.; Having little experience; inexperienced; unpracticed; ignorant; weak.(n) Offspring, especially the immature offspring of animals.(v) To become or seem to become younger.; To cause to appear younger.; To exhibit younging.
Young: (N) A surname.; A British distinguishing surname, from nicknames for the younger of two people having the same given name.; A surname.; A Chinese surname, from Chinese.; A placename; A town in the region of the South West Slopes, New South Wales, Australia.; A placename; A village in Saskatchewan, Canada.; A placename; An unincorporated community and census-designated place in Gila County, Arizona, United States.; A placename; An unincorporated community in Brown Township, Morgan County, Indiana, United States.; A placename; An unincorporated community in Jackson County, West Virginia, United States.; A placename; A city in the Rio Negro Department, Uruguay.; A placename; Ellipsis of Young County; A placename; Ellipsis of Young Parish; A placename; Ellipsis of Young Shire; A placename; Ellipsis of Young Township; A placename; Ellipsis of Young River; A placename; Ellipsis of Young Lake; A placename; Ellipsis of Mount Young
your: (d) Belonging to you; of you; related to you (singular; one owner).; Belonging to you; of you; related to you (plural; more owners).; A determiner that conveys familiarity and mutual knowledge of the modified noun.; That; the specified (usually used with a human referent)(ab) Misspelling of you're.
Your: (P) Honorific alternative letter-case form of your, sometimes used when referring to God or another important figure who is understood from context.
youre: (ab) Misspelling of you're.
yourn: (P) Yours.
yours: (P) That which belongs to you (singular); the possessive second-person singular pronoun used without a following noun.; That which belongs to you (plural); the possessive second-person plural pronoun used without a following noun.; Written at the end of a letter, before the signature.
Yours: (P) Honorific alternative letter-case form of yours, sometimes used when referring to God or another important figure who is understood from context.
youth: (n) The quality or state of being young.; The part of life following childhood; the period of existence preceding maturity or age; the whole early part of life, from childhood, or, sometimes, from infancy, to adulthood.; A young person.; A young man; a male adolescent or young adult.; Young persons, collectively.
youths: (n) plural of youth
yow: (n) Alternative form of yowe(i) Expression of pain; ouch.; Expression of humorous surprise or emphasis.
Yow: (N) A surname.
yowed: (v) plural of yow
yowing: (v) plural of yow
yowl: (n) A prolonged, loud cry, like the sound of an animal; a wail; a howl.(v) Utter a yowl.; Express by yowling; utter with a yowl.
Ypres: (N) A city in West Flanders, Belgium; The municipality containing this city.; Any of several battles fought near this city during the First World War.
yttria: (n) yttrium oxide
yu: (n) An ancient Chinese wine-bucket, often having a decorative cover.; Jade, nephrite or jadeite.(P) Eye dialect spelling of you.(n) The letter Ю, ю.
Yu: (N) Synonym of You; A surname. of Chinese origin.; Synonym of Yoo; A surname. of Korean origin.; Synonym of Yuu; A unisex given name of Japanese origin.(N) A county of Yangquan, Shanxi, China.
yuan: (n) The basic unit of money in China.
Yuan: (N) The imperial dynasty of China from 1279 to 1368.
yucca: (n) Any of several evergreen plants of the genus Yucca, having long, pointed, and rigid leaves at the top of a woody stem, and bearing a large panicle of showy white blossoms.; The yuca (cassava).
Yucca: (N) Ellipsis of Yucca Mountain; An unincorporated community in Mohave County, Arizona, United States.
yuk: (i) An exuberant laugh.(n) Something, such as a joke, that causes such a laugh.(v) To laugh exuberantly.
Yukon: (N) A territory in northern Canada. Capital: Whitehorse.; A city and town in Oklahoma.; A river in British Columbia, the Yukon Territory and Alaska, which gives its name to the territory.; GMC Yukon
yulan: (n) Magnolia denudata, a species of magnolia with large white blossoms that open before the leaves.
yule: (n) Alternative letter-case form of Yule
Yule: (N) Christmastide, the Christmas season, the Twelve Days of Christmas (between December 25ᵗʰ and January 5ᵗʰ).; A pagan wintertime holiday celebrated by Germanic peoples, particularly the Scandinavian and Anglo-Saxon peoples, or a modern reconstruction of this holiday celebrated by neo-pagans.; A surname.
yurt: (n) A large, round, semi-permanent tent with vertical walls and a conical roof, usually associated with Central Asia and Mongolia (where it is known as a ger).
ywis: (av) Obsolete spelling of iwis
