z: (C) The twenty-sixth letter of the English alphabet, called zed or zee and written in the Latin script.
Z: (C) The twenty-sixth letter of the English alphabet, called zed or zee and written in the Latin script.(n) Z-drug.
zaffer: (n) Alternative form of zaffre
zag: (n) One of a series of sharp turns or reversals.; twist in a storyline(v) To move with a sharp turn or reversal.
Zagreb: (N) The capital city of Croatia.; A county of Croatia, surrounding but not containing the city of Zagreb.
Zambia: (N) A country in Southern Africa. Official name: Republic of Zambia. Formerly called Northern Rhodesia.
zamia: (n) Any of various cycads of the genera Zamia and Macrozamia
zante: (n) Alternative form of zantewood
Zante: (N) Zakynthos (an island in Greece)
zantes: (n) plural of zante
zany: (aj) Unusual and awkward in a funny, comical manner; outlandish; clownish.; Ludicrously or incongruously comical.(n) A fool or clown, especially one whose business on the stage is to imitate foolishly the actions of the principal clown.(v) To mimic foolishly.
zap: (n) A sound made by a sudden release of electricity or some similar energy.; An electric shock.; A raucous public demonstration designed to embarrass a public figure or celebrity as a form of political activism.; The act of heating something in a microwave oven.(v) To make a zap sound.; To use a remote control to repeatedly change channels on a television.; To strike (something or someone) with electricity or energy, as by shooting.; To kill; to eliminate.; To damage (especially electronics) with electrostatic discharge.; To heat (something) in a microwave oven.; To delete or discard (electronic media).; To further energize or charge (magnetic material).; To photocopy.(i) Representing the sound or action of a zap.
Zap: (N) A city and town in North Dakota.
Zapata: (N) A peninsula in southern Matanzas, Cuba.; A census-designated place, the county seat of Zapata County, Texas, United States.
zareba: (n) Alternative spelling of zariba(v) Alternative spelling of zariba
zarf: (n) An ornamental container designed to hold a coffee cup and insulate it from the hand of the drinker.
zayin: (n) The seventh letter of many Semitic alphabets (Phoenician, Aramaic, Hebrew, Syriac, Arabic and others).
zeal: (n) The fervour or tireless devotion for a person, cause, or ideal and determination in its furtherance; diligent enthusiasm; powerful interest.; A person who exhibits such fervour or tireless devotion.; The collective noun for a group of zebras.
zealot: (n) One who is zealous, one who is full of zeal for his own specific beliefs or objectives, usually in the negative sense of being too passionate; a fanatic.; A member of a radical, warlike, ardently patriotic group of Jews in Judea, particularly prominent in the first century, who advocated the violent overthrow of Roman rule and vigorously resisted the efforts of the Romans and their supporters to convert the Jews.; A member of an anti-aristocratic political group in Thessalonica from 1342 until 1350.
Zealot: (n) Alternative letter-case form of zealot
zebec: (n) Alternative spelling of xebec.
Zebec: (N) A Balkan surname, from Serbo-Croatian.
zebra: (n) Any of three species of subgenus Hippotigris: E. grevyi, E. quagga, or E. zebra, all with black and white stripes and native to Africa.; A referee.; An unlikely diagnosis, especially for symptoms probably caused by a common ailment. (Originates in the advice often given to medical students: "when you hear hoofbeats, think of horses, not zebras".); A biracial person, specifically one born to a member of the Sub-Saharan African race and a Caucasian.; A fish, the zebra cichlid.; Any of various papilionid butterflies of the subgenus Paranticopsis of the genus Graphium, having black and white markings.
zebu: (n) A domesticated ox native to Asia and Africa, having a large fleshy hump on its back and a dewlap (Bos primigenius indicus).
zed: (n) The name of the Latin-script letter Z.; Something Z-shaped.; Sleep.; A zombie.(v) To sleep or nap. (Compare zzz, catch some z's.); To zigzag; to move with sharp alternating turns.
Zed: (N) A diminutive of the male given name Zedekiah.
zee: (n) The name of the Latin-script letter Z.; Something Z-shaped. Found in compounds.; Sleep.(v) To sleep or nap. (Compare zzz, catch some z's.); To zigzag; to move with sharp alternating turns.(a) Pronunciation spelling of the, representing primarily French or German accented English.
Zee: (N) A surname.
zen: (n) Synonym of enlightenment, particularly the kind acquired through Zen meditation.; An approach to instruction, understanding, or an activity similarly emphasizing simplicity and intuition rather than conventional thinking or fixation on goals.(aj) Alternative letter-case form of Zen: of or related to Zen Buddhism, particularly its focus on indirect teaching of wisdom through riddles and stories.; Wise, displaying enlightenment or similar wisdom, insightful, unburdened and free of worries, extremely relaxed and capable.
Zen: (N) A school of Mahayana Buddhism characterized by sudden enlightenment achieved by indirect means and principally associated with China and Japan.(n) Alternative letter-case form of zen: (religion) enlightenment and (informal) mindful action, instruction, or behavior considered similar to Zen.(aj) Of or related to Zen Buddhism.; Alternative letter-case form of zen.
zenana: (n) A harem on the Indian subcontinent; a part of the house reserved for high-caste women; a system of segregating women into harems.; An effeminate or crossdressing male in northern India or Pakistan. (Also spelled zanána.)
zenith: (n) The point in the sky vertically above a given position or observer; the point in the celestial sphere opposite the nadir.; The highest point in the sky reached by a celestial body.; Highest point or state; peak.
zens: (n) plural of zen
zephyr: (n) A light wind from the west.; Any light refreshing wind; a gentle breeze.; Anything of fine, soft, or light quality, especially fabric.(v) To blow or move like a zephyr, or light breeze.; To blow or blow on gently like a zephyr; to cool or refresh with a gentle breeze.
Zephyr: (N) The god of the West Wind.; The west wind personified.
zero: (0) The cardinal number occurring before one and that denotes no quantity or amount at all, represented in Arabic numerals as 0.(n) The numeric symbol that represents the cardinal number zero.; The digit 0 in the decimal, binary, and all other base numbering systems.; Nothing, or none.; The value of a magnitude corresponding to the cardinal number zero.; The point on a scale at which numbering or measurement originates.; A value of the independent variables of a function, for which the function is equal to zero.; The additive identity element of a monoid or greater algebraic structure, particularly a group or ring.; A person of little or no importance.; A Mitsubishi A6M Zero, a long range fighter aircraft operated by the Japanese Navy Air Service from 1940 to 1945.; A setting of calibrated instruments such as a firearm.; A security which has a zero coupon (paying no periodic interest).(aj) no, not any; Of a cloud ceiling, limiting vision to 50 feet (15 meters) or less.; Of horizontal visibility, limited to 165 feet (50.3 meters) or less.; Present at an abstract level, but not realized in the surface form.(v) To set a measuring instrument to zero; to calibrate an instrument scale to valid zero.; To change a memory location or range to values of zero; to set a variable in a computer program to zero.; To cause or set some value or amount to be zero.; To eliminate; to delete; to overwrite with zeros.; To disappear.
zest: (n) The outer skin of a citrus fruit, used as a flavouring or garnish.; General vibrance of flavour.; Enthusiasm; keen enjoyment; relish; gusto.; The woody, thick skin enclosing the kernel of a walnut.(v) To scrape the zest from a fruit.; To make more zesty.
zeta: (n) The sixth letter of the modern Greek alphabet (Ζ (Z), ζ (z)) preceded by epsilon (Ε (E), ε (e)) and followed by eta, (Η (I), η (i)); or the seventh letter in the ancient Greek alphabet, in which it is preceded by digamma (Ϝ (W), ϝ (w)); A mathematical function formally known as the Riemann zeta function.
Zeta: (N) medieval state roughly equivalent to modern Montenegro.(n) A member of Los Zetas, a Mexican criminal syndicate.
zeugma: (n) The act of using a word, particularly an adjective or verb, to apply to more than one noun when its sense is appropriate to only one.; Syllepsis.
Zeus: (N) Supreme ruler of all Greek gods, husband to Hera.; A male given name.; A representative given name for a dog.
Zeuxis: (N) An Ancient Greek male given name from Ancient Greek
zibet: (n) The large Indian civet (Viverra zibetha).
zig: (n) A sudden or sharp turn or change of direction.(v) To make such a turn.
zigzag: (n) a line or path that proceeds by sharp turns in alternating directions; one of such sharp turns(aj) Moving in, or having a zigzag.(v) To move or to twist in a zigzag manner.(av) in a zigzag manner or pattern
Zigzag: (N) A small town in Oregon
zinc: (n) A chemical element (symbol Zn) with an atomic number of 30, a slightly brittle blue-silvery metal.; A single atom of this element.; A zinc countertop.(v) To electroplate with zinc.; To coat with sunblock incorporating zinc oxide.
zing: (n) A short high-pitched humming sound, such as that made by a bullet or vibrating string.; A witty insult or derogatory remark.; Zest or vitality.; Pleasant or exciting flavour of food.(v) To move very quickly, especially while making a high-pitched hum.(i) A high pitched humming sound.; Used to acknowledge a witty comeback, a zinger.
zinnia: (n) Any of several brightly coloured flowering plants, of the genus Zinnia, native to tropical America; old maid
Zinnia: (N) A female given name from English from the flower
zion: (n) zayin, Hebrew letter ז.
Zion: (N) A Landmark hill (or "mount") in the land of Israel on which ancient Jerusalem was partly built, a centerpiece to Biblical accounts of old days and future eschatological events.; Jerusalem city proper; or more strictly speaking, the Temple Mount.; The whole nation of Israel.; A male given name from Hebrew, which is of rampant modern usage still.; A female given name; An association of the righteous.; A city and township in Lake County, Illinois, United States.
zip: (n) The high-pitched sound of a small object moving rapidly through air.; Energy; vigor; vim.; A zip fastener.; Zero; nothing.; A trip on a zipline.; A zip file.; Synonym of convolution (“type of mapping function”); An ounce of marijuana.(i) Imitative of high-pitched sound of a small object moving rapidly through air.(v) To close with a zip fastener.; To close as if with a zip fastener.; To compress (one or more computer files) into a single and often smaller file, especially one in the ZIP format.; To subject to the convolution mapping function.; (followed by a preposition) To move rapidly (in a specified direction or to a specified place) with a high-pitched sound.; (followed by a preposition) To move in haste (in a specified direction or to a specified place).; To make (something) move quickly; To travel on a zipline.(n) Ellipsis of zip code.
ZIP: (n) A zip code.(N) A common file format for data compression.(n) A zip file.
zipped: (v) simple past tense and past participle of zip
zipper: (n) A zip fastener.; A pressure-sensitive plastic closure.; A leucine zipper.; A scar on a person's body.; An air patrol carried out at dawn or dusk.; A string of clothes pegs or clips attached to the body and then quickly pulled off.; A technique for arbitrarily traversing an aggregate data structure and updating its contents. See zipper (data structure).(v) to close a zipper.; to put a zipper on an article.
zippy: (aj) Energetic and lively.; Quick, speedy.
zircon: (n) A mineral occurring in tetragonal crystals, usually of a brown or grey colour and consisting of silica and zirconia.; A crystal of zircon, sometimes used as a false gemstone.
zit: (n) pimple
zither: (n) A musical instrument consisting of a flat sounding box with numerous strings placed on a horizontal surface, played with a plectrum or fingertips.; Related or similar instruments in other cultures, such as the Chinese guqin or Norwegian harpeleik; especially any chordophone without a neck, and with strings that pass over the body.(v) To play a zither.; To make a sound similar to that made by a zither; to move while making such a sound.
zizith: (n) Alternative form of tzitzit
zloty: (n) złoty, the currency unit of Poland, divided into 100 groszy.
zo: (n) Alternative spelling of dzo
Zo: (n) An indigenous people of Burma (Myanmar) and north-east India.(N) A language spoken in Myanmar and India, especially in Chin State and Manipur, and adjoining parts of Bangladesh.
zoa: (n) plural of zoon; plural of zoön
zodiac: (n) The belt-like region of the celestial sphere approximately eight degrees north and south of the ecliptic which include the apparent path of the sun, moon, and visible planets.; The twelve equal divisions of the zodiacal region into signs or houses, each named for a prominent constellation in the region.; The ecliptic: the belt-like region of the celestial sphere corresponding to the apparent path of the sun over the course of a year.; Any of various astrological systems considered similar to the above.; A circle decorated with the signs of the zodiac.
Zodiac: (n) Alternative letter-case form of zodiac(N) a family of constellations that are visible in the apparent path of the Sun viewed from the Earth over the year
zombie: (n) A snake god or fetish in religions of West Africa and elsewhere.; A person, usually undead, animated by unnatural forces (such as magic), with no soul or will of his/her own.; An apathetic person.; A human being in a state of extreme mental exhaustion.; An information worker who has signed a nondisclosure agreement.; A process or task which has terminated but has not been removed from the list of processes, typically because it has an unresponsive parent process.; A computer affected by malware which causes it to do whatever the attacker wants it to do without the user's knowledge.; A cocktail of rum and fruit juices.; A conscripted member of the Canadian military during World War II who was assigned to home defence rather than to combat in Europe.; Marijuana, or similar drugs.; A hypothetical being that is indistinguishable from a normal human being except in that it lacks conscious experience, qualia, or sentience.
zonal: (aj) Divided into zones.; Related to, associated with, or similar to zones.; roughly longitudinal (east to west, or west to east)
zonate: (aj) Having or appearing to have multiple zones, such as of color or texture.; Having different colors, textures, or other patterns form a pattern of rings, bands, or stripes.
zone: (n) Each of the five regions of the earth's surface into which it was divided by climatic differences, namely the torrid zone (between the tropics), two temperate zones (between the tropics and the polar circles), and two frigid zones (within the polar circles).; Any given region or area of the world.; A given area distinguished on the basis of a particular characteristic, use, restriction, etc.; A band or area of growth encircling anything.; A band or stripe extending around a body.; A series of planes having mutually parallel intersections.; The strike zone.; Every of the three parts of an ice rink, divided by two blue lines.; A semicircular area in front of each goal.; A high-performance phase or period.; A defensive scheme where defenders guard a particular area of the court or field, as opposed to a particular opposing player.; That collection of a domain's DNS resource records, the domain and its subdomains, that are not delegated to another authority.; A logical group of network devices on AppleTalk (an obsolete networking protocol).; A belt or girdle.; The curved surface of a frustum of a sphere, the portion of surface of a sphere delimited by parallel planes.; A frustum of a sphere.; A circuit; a circumference.(v) To divide into or assign to sections or areas.; To define the property use classification of (an area).; To enter a daydream state temporarily, for instance as a result of boredom, fatigue, or intoxication; to doze off.; To girdle or encircle.
zones: (n) plural of zone(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of zone
zoning: (v) present participle of zone(n) Legislative action for the purpose of regulating the use of property and the construction of buildings within the area under the jurisdiction of the legislative body concerned.; The use of zones, such as fare zones.
zonked: (aj) Extremely fatigued.; Deeply asleep.; Drunk.
zoo: (n) A park where live animals are exhibited.; Any place that is wild, crowded, or chaotic.; The jungle.; A zoophile.
zooid: (n) An organic body or cell having locomotion, as a spermatic cell or spermatozoid.; An animal in one of its inferior or early stages of development, as one of the intermediate forms in alternate generation.; One of the individual animals in a composite group, as of Anthozoa, Hydrozoa, and Bryozoa; — sometimes restricted to those individuals in which the mouth and digestive organs are not developed.(aj) Relating to, or resembling, an animal.
zoom: (n) A humming noise from something moving very fast.; A quick ascent.; A big increase.; An augmentation of a view, by varying the focal length of a lens, or digitally.(v) To move fast with a humming noise.; To fly an airplane straight up; To move rapidly.; To go up sharply.; To change the focal length of a zoom lens.; To manipulate a display so as to magnify or shrink it.(i) Representing a humming sound; Suggesting something moving quickly; Suggesting a sudden change, especially an improvement or an increase(v) To participate in a video teleconferencing call(n) A video teleconferencing call.
Zoom: (v) To communicate with someone using the Zoom videoconferencing software.; Alternative form of zoom; To communicate using video teleconferencing.(n) A video conference using Zoom Video Communications.; Alternative form of zoom; A video teleconference call.(N) Videoconferencing software by Zoom Video Communications.
zoon: (n) An animal which is the sole product of a single egg.; Any one of the perfectly developed individuals of a compound animal.
zooned: (v) plural of zoon
zooning: (v) plural of zoon
zoril: (n) Alternative spelling of zorille
zoster: (n) An ancient Greek waist-belt for men.; The disease called herpes zoster (from the typically beltlike pattern of its rash); shingles.
Zouave: (n) One of an active and hardy body of soldiers in the French service, originally Kabyle, but now composed of Frenchmen who wear the Kabyle dress.; One of a body of soldiers who adopt the dress and drill of the Zouaves in French service, as was done by a number of volunteer regiments in the army of the United States in the Civil War (1861–65).
zounds: (i) Expressing anger, surprise, assertion etc.
Zug: (N) A canton of Switzerland.; The capital city of Zug canton, Switzerland.
Zulu: (N) An African ethnic group living mainly in the KwaZulu-Natal Province in eastern South Africa.; The language of these people, a Bantu language; isiZulu.(n) An individual member of the Zulu people.; The letter Z in the ICAO spelling alphabet; A designation for time along the prime meridian; UTC; Zulu time.(aj) Pertaining to the Zulu people, culture, or language.
zygoma: (n) The cheekbone.
zygote: (n) A fertilized egg cell.
zymase: (n) Any of a group of enzymes that catalyze the fermentation of simple carbohydrates to ethanol and carbon dioxide.
Zyrian: (N) A Finnic language spoken by the Komi people.(n) A member of the Komi people.
