d: (C) The fourth letter of the English alphabet, called dee and written in the Latin script.(0) The ordinal number fourth, derived from this letter of the English alphabet, called dee and written in the Latin script.(S) a British penny; an old penny (the modern decimal penny being abbreviated p).; Die or dice; penny, a measure of the size of nails
D: (C) The fourth letter of the English alphabet, called dee and written in the Latin script.(0) The ordinal number fourth, derived from this letter of the English alphabet, called dee and written in the Latin script.(n) defense.; Democrat, especially preceding the constituent location.; drive, the setting of an automatic transmission.; duodecimo, as adopted by the American Library Association.; dick; penis.; data.; Canonical decomposition; Deutsch number in the Schubert Thematic Catalogue.(av) down (direction).(aj) divorced.(N) The City of Detroit.(i) Damn(n) The semicircle on the baulk line, inside which the cue ball must be placed at a break-off.; The penalty arc on a football pitch.(n) A grade awarded for a class, better than outright failure (which can be F or E depending on the institution) and worse than a C.(N) A programming language inspired from C++.
da: (n) Father.(n) Yes; an affirmative response.(i) Yes.(a) Pronunciation spelling of the.(i) A meaningless syllable used when singing a tune or indicating a rhythm.
Da: (N) A great serpent in the mythology of Dahomey
dab: (v) To press lightly in a repetitive motion with a soft object without rubbing.; To apply a substance in this way.; To strike by a thrust; to hit with a sudden blow or thrust.; To apply hash oil to a heated surface for the purpose of efficient combustion.; To perform the dab dance move, by moving both arms to one side of the body parallel with your head.(n) A soft tap or blow; a blow or peck from a bird's beak; an aimed blow.; A soft, playful box given in greeting or approval.; A small amount, a blob of some soft or wet substance.; A small amount of hash oil.; Fingerprint.; A hip hop dance move in which the dancer simultaneously drops the head while raising an arm, briefly resting their face in the elbow, as if sneezing into their elbow.(av) With a dab, or sudden contact.(n) One skilful or proficient; an expert; an adept.(n) A small flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae, especially Limanda limanda; a flounder.; A sand dab, a small flatfish of genus Citharichthys.(aj) Bad.
dabbed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dab
dabber: (n) A thing or person that dabs.; Alternative form of dauber (“cushioned pad used for applying ink”); Alternative form of dauber (“marker pen used for bingo cards”)
dabble: (v) To make slightly wet or soiled by spattering or sprinkling a liquid (such as water, mud, or paint) on it; to bedabble.; To cause splashing by moving a body part like a bill or limb in soft mud, water, etc., often playfully; to play in shallow water; to paddle.; To participate or have an interest in an activity in a casual or superficial way.; To interfere or meddle in; to tamper with.(n) A spattering or sprinkling of a liquid.; An act of splashing in soft mud, water, etc.; An act of participation in an activity in a casual or superficial way.
dabs: (n) plural of dab(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dab
Dacca: (N) Archaic spelling of Dhaka.
dace: (n) The shoal-forming fish Leuciscus leuciscus common to swift rivers in England and Wales and in Europe.; Any of various related small fish of the family Cyprinidae that live in freshwater and are native to North America.
dacha: (n) A Russian villa or summer house in the countryside.
dacoit: (n) A bandit or armed robber, especially in India, Pakistan, Myanmar, and the surrounding region.(v) To commit armed robbery.
dacron: (n) A polymer, polyethylene terephthalate PET, as used for making thread and cloth.
Dacron: (n) Alternative letter-case form of dacron
dactyl: (n) A metrical foot of three syllables (— ⏑ ⏑), one long followed by two short, or one accented followed by two unaccented.
dad: (n) A father, a male parent.; Used to address one's father; Used to address an older adult male(n) A lump or piece.; A blow; act of striking something.(v) To throw against something; to dash.
Dad: (N) One's father.
DAD: (n) A designation on prerecorded compact discs indicating that the contents were recorded in digital but mixed in analog before being mastered to a digital medium; compare AAD, ADD, DDD.
dada: (n) Father, dad.(n) Illegal drugs.(n) Alternative letter-case form of Dada (“cultural movement”).
Dada: (n) A cultural movement that began in Zürich, Switzerland during and as a reaction to World War I and peaked from 1916 to 1920, which primarily involved visual arts, literature (mainly poetry), theatre, and graphic design, and was characterized by deliberate irrationality, disillusionment, cynicism, nihilism, randomness, and rejection of the prevailing standards in art.
daddy: (n) Father.; A male lover.; An informal term of address for a man.; A male juvenile delinquent in a reformatory who dominates the other inmates through threats and violence.(v) To father; to sire.
Daddy: (N) One's father.
dado: (n) The section of a pedestal above the base.; The lower portion of an interior wall decorated differently from the upper portion.; The rectangular channel in a board cut across the grain.(v) To furnish with a dado.; To cut a dado.
Dado: (N) A surname.
daedal: (aj) Skilful, ingenious, cunning.
daemon: (n) An idea depicted as an entity.; Alternative form of demon.(n) A process (a running program) that does not have a controlling terminal.
daemones: (n) plural of daemon
daff: (n) A fool; an idiot; a blockhead.(v) To be foolish; make sport; play; toy.; To daunt.(v) To toss (aside); to dismiss.; To turn (someone) aside; divert.(n) Clipping of daffodil.(n) Alternative form of daf (“type of drum”)
daffy: (aj) Somewhat mad or eccentric.(n) A daffodil.(n) Gin.
Daffy: (N) A diminutive of the female given name Daphne; A diminutive of the female given name Daffodil; A surname, from Welsh, derived from the Welsh equivalent of David.
daft: (aj) Foolish, silly, stupid.; Crazy, insane, mad.; Gentle, meek, mild.
dag: (n) A hanging end or shred, in particular a long pointed strip of cloth at the edge of a piece of clothing, or one of a row of decorative strips of cloth that may ornament a tent, booth or fairground.; A dangling lock of sheep’s wool matted with dung.(v) To shear the hindquarters of a sheep in order to remove dags or prevent their formation.; To sully; to make dirty; to bemire.(n) A skewer.; A spit, a sharpened rod used for roasting food over a fire.; A dagger; a poniard.; A kind of large pistol.; The unbranched antler of a young deer.(v) To skewer food, for roasting over a fire; To cut or slash the edge of a garment into dags(i) Expressing shock, awe or surprise; used as a general intensifier.(n) One who dresses unfashionably or without apparent care about appearance; someone who is not cool; a dweeb or nerd.; An odd or eccentric person; someone who is a bit strange but amusingly so.(n) A directed acyclic graph; an ordered pair (V,E) such that E is a subset of some partial ordering relation on V.(n) A misty shower; dew.(v) To be misty; to drizzle.(n) Pronunciation spelling of dog.
dagger: (n) A stabbing weapon, similar to a sword but with a short, double-edged blade.; The text character †; the obelus.; A point scored near the end of the game (clutch time) to take or increase the scorer's team lead, so that they are likely to win.(v) To pierce with a dagger; to stab.(n) A timber placed diagonally in a ship's frame.
Dagger: (n) A player, supporter or other person connected with Dagenham & Redbridge Football Club.
dago: (n) A person of Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, or other Mediterranean descent.; A person of Italian descent.
dagoba: (n) A stupa.
Dagon: (N) The main god of the Phoenicians. Although at one time believed to be represented as half man and half fish, modern scholarship recognizes that the latter was the apkallu, while Dagan/Dagon was a grain god.
dah: (n) The spoken representation of a dash in radio and telegraph Morse code.(n) A long knife or sword with a round cross-section grip, a long, gently curving blade with a single edge, and no guard.
dahlia: (n) Any plant of the genus Dahlia, tuberous perennial flowering plants native to Mexico.
Dahlia: (N) A female given name from English.
daily: (aj) That occurs every day, or at least every working day; diurnal, by daylight, as opposed to nightly(n) Something that is produced, consumed, used, or done every day.; A newspaper that is published every day.; Something that is produced, consumed, used, or done every day.; A cleaner who comes in daily.; Something that is produced, consumed, used, or done every day.; A daily disposable.; Something that is produced, consumed, used, or done every day.; A quest in a massively multiplayer online game that can be repeated every day for cumulative rewards.; Something that is produced, consumed, used, or done every day.; A daily driver.; Something that is produced, consumed, used, or done every day.; Raw, unedited footage traditionally developed overnight and viewed by the cast and crew the next day.(v) To drive an automobile frequently, on a daily basis, for regular and mundane tasks.(av) quotidianly, every day; diurnally, by daylight
Daily: (N) A surname.
daimon: (n) Synonym of demon, particularly as; A tutelary deity or spirit that watches over a person or place.
daimones: (n) plural of daimon
daimyo: (n) A lord during the Japanese feudal period.
dainty: (n) A delicacy (in taste).; Esteem, honour.; A fancy cookie, pastry, or square, frequently homemade, served at a social event.; An affectionate term of address.(aj) Excellent; valuable, fine.; Elegant; delicately small and pretty.; Fastidious and fussy, especially when eating.
dairy: (n) A place, often on a farm, where milk is processed and turned into products such as butter and cheese.; A dairy farm.; A shop selling dairy products.; A corner store, superette or minimart.; A woman's breast.; (also dairy products or dairy produce) Products produced from milk.(aj) Referring to products produced from milk.; Referring to products produced from animal milk as opposed to non-milk substitutes.; Referring to the milk production and processing industries.; On food labelling, containing fats only from dairy sources (e.g. dairy ice cream).
dais: (n) A raised platform in a room for a high table, a seat of honour, a throne, or other dignified occupancy, such as ancestral statues; a similar platform supporting a lectern, pulpit, etc., which may be used to speak from.; A bench, a settle, a pew.; An elevated table in a hall at which important people were seated; a high table.; The canopy over an altar, etc.
daisy: (n) A wild flowering plant Bellis perennis of the Asteraceae family, with a yellow head and white petals; Many other flowering plants of various species, mostly among the asterids.; A boot or other footwear.
Daisy: (N) A female given name from English.; A common name for a cow.(n) A Girl Scout at the initial introductory level.(N) A surname.
dak: (n) A post system by means of transport relays of horses stationed at intervals along a route or network, carrying mail and passengers.
Dak: (N) Diminutive of Dakota; A diminutive of the male given name Dakota
Dakar: (N) The capital city of Senegal.
Dakota: (N) The Santee branch of the Sioux people.; The language of these people.; Either of the two states North Dakota or South Dakota.; A unisex given name transferred from the place name.(n) A member of the Dakota people; A Douglas DC-3 aircraft
dale: (n) A valley, often in an otherwise hilly area.; The sunken or grooved portion of the surface of a vinyl record.(n) A trough or spout to carry off water, as from a pump.
Dale: (N) A surname, from Middle English for someone living in a dale.; A male given name transferred from the surname.; A hamlet in Ainstable parish, Eden district, Cumbria, England (OS grid ref NY5444).; A village and community in west Pembrokeshire, Wales (OS grid ref SM8005).; A village in Fjaler, Vestland, Norway.; A village in Vaksdal, Vestland, Norway.; A village in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, Poland.; A woreda in Ethiopia.; A community in Port Hope, Northumberland County, Ontario, Canada.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Hamilton County, Illinois.; A number of places in the United States:; A town in Spencer County, Indiana.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Boone County, Indiana.; A number of places in the United States:; A former community in Tobacco Township, Gladwin County, Michigan.; A number of places in the United States:; A ghost town in Clay County, Minnesota.; A number of places in the United States:; A ghost town in Custer County, Nebraska.; A number of places in the United States:; A hamlet in Wyoming County, New York.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community and census-designated place in Pottawatomie County, Oklahoma.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Grant County, Oregon.; A number of places in the United States:; A borough in Cambria County, Pennsylvania.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Berks County, Pennsylvania.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community and census-designated place in Beaufort County, South Carolina.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Caldwell County, Texas.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Tyler County, West Virginia.; A number of places in the United States:; A town and census-designated place therein, in Outagamie County, Wisconsin.
dales: (n) plural of dale
Dales: (N) The Yorkshire Dales, an upland area, in Northern England.
daleth: (n) Alternative form of dalet
dali: (n) A timber tree (genus Myristica) of Guiana, whose wood is used for staves etc.
Dali: (N) A county of Weinan, Shaanxi, China.(N) An autonomous prefecture of Yunnan province, China.; A city in Yunnan, China.; A town in Dali city, Yunnan, China.(N) A town in Foshan city, Guangdong province, China.(N) Alternative spelling of Dalí
dalis: (n) plural of dali
Dallas: (N) A placename; A large city, the county seat of Dallas County, in northeastern Texas, United States.; A placename; A city, the county seat of Paulding County, Georgia, United States.; A placename; A city, the county seat of Polk County, Oregon, United States.; A placename; A small village in northwestern Moray council area, Scotland.; A surname.; A unisex given name transferred from the place name.
dalles: (n) The rapids in a deep, narrow stream confined between the rock walls of a canyon or gorge.; A steep-sided part of a stream channel, near the dalles proper, marked by clefts, ravines, or gorges.
dally: (v) To waste time in trivial activities, or in idleness; to trifle.; To caress, especially of a sexual nature; to fondle or pet; To delay unnecessarily; to while away.(n) Several wraps of rope around the saddle horn, used to stop animals in roping.(v) To wind the lasso rope (ie throw-rope) around the saddle horn (the saddle horn is attached to the pommel of a western style saddle) after the roping of an animal(n) Alternative form of dolly (“offering of fruit or flowers”)
Dally: (N) A surname.(n) A New Zealand person of Croatian or other Balkan descent.
dalton: (n) the atomic mass unit
Dalton: (N) A habitational surname, from Old English.; John Dalton, English chemist.; A male given name transferred from the surname.; Any of several places in the north of England and in Scotland; A hamlet in Burton-in-Kendal parish, Cumbria, England (OS grid ref SD5476).; Any of several places in the north of England and in Scotland; A hamlet and civil parish in West Lancashire district, Lancashire, England, north of Skelmersdale (OS grid ref SD4908).; Any of several places in the north of England and in Scotland; A hamlet south of Hexham, Northumberland, England (OS grid ref NY9158).; Any of several places in the north of England and in Scotland; A hamlet west of Ponteland, Northumberland (OS grid ref NZ1172); Any of several places in the north of England and in Scotland; A village and civil parish in Hambleton district, North Yorkshire, England (OS grid ref SE4376).; Any of several places in the north of England and in Scotland; A village and civil parish in Richmondshire district, North Yorkshire (OS grid ref NZ1108).; Any of several places in the north of England and in Scotland; A village and civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Rotherham, South Yorkshire, England (OS grid ref SK4594).; Any of several places in the north of England and in Scotland; An eastern suburb of Huddersfield, Metropolitan Borough of Kirklees, West Yorkshire, England (OS grid ref SE1617).; Any of several places in the north of England and in Scotland; A hamlet in Dumfriesshire, Dumfries and Galloway council area, Scotland (OS grid ref NY1174).; Any of several places in the north of England and in Scotland; A hamlet near Flemington, South Lanarkshire council area, Scotland (OS grid ref NS6658).; A number of places in the United States:; A city, the county seat of Whitfield County, Georgia.; A number of places in the United States:; A township and unincorporated community therein, in Wayne County, Indiana.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Sumner County, Kansas.; A number of places in the United States:; A town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts.; A number of places in the United States:; A township in Muskegon County, Michigan.; A number of places in the United States:; A minor city in Otter Tail County, Minnesota.; A number of places in the United States:; A small village in Chariton County, Missouri.; A number of places in the United States:; A village in Cheyenne County, Nebraska.; A number of places in the United States:; A town in Coos County, New Hampshire; A number of places in the United States:; A hamlet and census-designated place in Nunda and Portage, Livingston County, New York.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Stokes County, North Carolina.; A number of places in the United States:; A village in Wayne County, Ohio.; A number of places in the United States:; A borough in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania.; A number of places in the United States:; A census-designated place in Kingston, Green Lake County, Wisconsin.; An abandoned village in Unorganized North Algoma District, Ontario, Canada; some buildings are used as summer cottages.; A township within Kawartha Lakes, Ontario.; A village in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.; A small town in the Southern Tablelands of New South Wales, Australia.; A settlement (moshav) in northern Israel.; Short for Dalton Highway.(n) a former unit of atomic mass equivalent to 1/16 the mass of an oxygen atom; now replaced by the atomic mass unit (or dalton)
dam: (n) A structure placed across a flowing body of water to stop the flow or part of the flow, generally for purposes such as retaining or diverting some of the water or retarding the release of accumulated water to avoid abrupt flooding.; The water reservoir resulting from placing such structure.; A device to prevent a tooth from getting wet during dental work, consisting of a rubber sheet held with a band.; A reservoir.; A firebrick wall, or a stone, which forms the front of the hearth of a blast furnace.(v) To block the flow of water.(n) Female parent, mother, generally regarding breeding of animals.; A kind of crowned piece in the game of draughts.(n) An obsolete Indian copper coin, equal to a fortieth of a rupee.; A former coin of Nepal, 128 of which were worth one mohar.(i) Damn.
damage: (n) Injury or harm; the condition or measure of something not being intact.; Cost or expense.(v) To impair the soundness, goodness, or value of; to harm or cause destruction.; To undergo damage.
daman: (n) The hyrax.
Daman: (N) The capital of the union territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu, India.; A male given name from Sanskrit used in India.(N) A surname, from Dutch.
damar: (n) A large tree of the order Coniferae, indigenous to the East Indies and Australasia, now genus Agathis.; A clear to yellow resin, obtained in Malaya from trees of the genera Shorea (family Dipterocarpaceae) and Symplocos (family Symplocaceae), used in varnishes and inks; Any of various hard resins, obtained especially from evergreen trees, notably of the genera Agathis (family Araucariaceae) and Hopea (family Dipterocarpaceae), native to southeast Asia, also used in varnishes and lacquers.
damask: (n) An ornate silk fabric originating from Damascus.; Linen so woven that a pattern is produced by the different directions of the thread, without contrast of colour.; A heavy woolen or worsted stuff with a pattern woven in the same way as the linen damask; made for furniture covering and hangings.; Damascus steel; The peculiar markings or water of such steel.; A damask rose, Rosa × damascena.; A grayish-pink color, like that of the damask rose.(aj) Of a grayish-pink color, like that of the damask rose.(v) To decorate or weave in damascene patterns
Damask: (aj) Relating to, or originating at, the city of Damascus.
dame: (n) Usually capitalized as Dame: a title equivalent to Sir for a female knight.; A matron at a school, especially Eton College.; In traditional pantomime: a melodramatic female often played by a man in drag.; A woman.; A lady, a woman.; A queen.(v) To make a dame.
Dame: (n) The titular prefix given to a female knight
dames: (n) plural of dame
Dames: (n) plural of Dame
Damien: (N) A male given name from Ancient Greek, the French equivalent of Damian
dammar: (n) Alternative form of damar
damme: (i) Expressing anger or vehemence.
dammed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dam
damn: (v) To condemn to hell.; To condemn; to declare guilty; to doom; to adjudge to punishment.; To put out of favor; to ruin; to label negatively.; To condemn as unfit, harmful, invalid, immoral or illegal.; To curse; put a curse upon.; To invoke damnation; to curse.(aj) Generic intensifier. Fucking; bloody.(av) Very; extremely.(i) Used to express anger, irritation, disappointment, annoyance, contempt or surprise, etc. See also dammit.(n) The use of "damn" as a curse.; A small, negligible quantity, being of little value; a whit or jot.; The smallest amount of concern or consideration.
damned: (aj) Godforsaken.; Variant of profane damn, used to express contempt, exasperation, etc. towards someone or something.; Used to express vehemently that one is not or does not do something, or refuses to be or do something.(av) Very.(v) simple past tense and past participle of damn
damp: (aj) In a state between dry and wet; moderately wet; moist.; Despondent; dispirited, downcast.; Permitting the possession of alcoholic beverages, but not their sale.(n) Moisture; humidity; dampness.; Fog; fogginess; vapor.; Dejection or depression; something that spoils a positive emotion (such as enjoyment, satisfaction, expectation or courage) or a desired activity.; A gaseous product, formed in coal mines, old wells, pits, etc.(v) To dampen; to make moderately wet; To put out, as fire; to weaken, restrain, or make dull.; To suppress vibrations (mechanical) or oscillations (electrical) by converting energy to heat (or some other form of energy).
Damp: (N) A municipality of Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.(N) A surname.
damped: (v) simple past tense and past participle of damp(aj) stopped from smouldering and reigniting by the application of water; Possessing a nonzero damping ratio.
dampen: (v) To make damp or moist; to make moderately wet.; To become damp or moist.; To lessen; to dull; to make less intense (said of emotions and non-physical things).; To become damped or deadened.
damper: (n) Something that damps or checks:; A valve or movable plate in the flue or other part of a stove, furnace, etc., used to check or regulate the draught of air.; Something that damps or checks:; A contrivance (sordine), as in a pianoforte, to deaden vibrations; or, as in other pieces of mechanism, to check some action at a particular time.; Something that damps or checks:; Something that kills the mood.; Something that damps or checks:; A device that decreases the oscillations of a system.; Something that damps or checks:; A shock absorber.; Bread made from a basic recipe of flour, water, milk, and salt, but without yeast.(aj) comparative form of damp: more damp
damps: (n) plural of damp(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of damp
Damps: (N) plural of Damp
dams: (n) plural of dam(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dam
damsel: (n) A young woman (of noble birth).; A girl; a maiden (without sexual experience).; A young woman who is not married.; An unmarried lady-in-waiting.; A chattering damsel (component of a mill).
damson: (n) A subspecies of plum tree, Prunus domestica subsp. insititia, native to Eurasia.; The edible fruit of this tree.(aj) The color of the fruit of this tree, a very deep purple.
dan: (n) A title of honour or respect similar to "master" or "Sir", used of historical and legendary figures of the past.(n) A small truck or sledge used in coal mines.(n) A rank of black belt in martial arts.; Someone who has achieved a level of black belt.(n) Synonym of picul: a traditional unit of weight and mass.
Dan: (N) The fifth son of Jacob, whose mother was his wife's handmaid Bilhah and adopted by Rachel, who is the second wife of Jacob.; A male given name from Hebrew, derived from the son of Jacob.; A male given name from Hebrew & nickname, derived from the prophet Daniel.; A surname.; One of the Israelite tribes, descended from Dan.; A former city occupied by the tribe; The Dan River, the principal tributary of the Jordan, named for the city(N) A river in Shaanxi, China(n) Alternative form of dan (title of honour)
dance: (n) A sequence of rhythmic steps or movements usually performed to music, for pleasure or as a form of social interaction.; A social gathering where dancing is the main activity.; The art, profession, and study of dancing.; A genre of modern music characterised by sampled beats, repetitive rhythms and few lyrics.; A piece of music with a particular dance rhythm.; A battle of wits, especially one commonly fought between two rivals.; Any strenuous or difficult movement, action, or task.; A normally horizontal stripe called a fess that has been modified to zig-zag across the center of a coat of arms from dexter to sinister.; A repetitive movement used in communication between worker honey bees.(v) To move with rhythmic steps or movements, especially in time to music.; To leap or move lightly and rapidly.; To perform the steps to.; To cause to dance, or move nimbly or merrily about.; To make love or have sex.; To make a repetitive movement in order to communicate to other worker honey bees.
Dance: (N) A surname.
danced: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dance
dancer: (n) A person who dances, usually as a job or profession.; A stripper.
Dancer: (N) The second reindeer of Santa Claus.; An occupational surname, from occupations for a dancer or acrobat.
dances: (n) plural of dance(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dance
Dances: (N) plural of Dance
dander: (n) Dandruff—scaly white dead skin flakes from the human scalp.; Hair follicles and dead skin shed from mammals.; Allergen particles that accumulate on and may be shed from the skin and fur of domestic animals, especially from household pets such as cats and dogs.(n) A cinder; (in the plural) the refuse of a furnace; Passion, temper, anger. Usually preceded by "have" or "get" and followed by "up".(v) To wander about.; To maunder, to talk incoherently.
dandle: (v) To move up and down on one's knee or in one's arms, in affectionate play, usually said of a child.; To treat with fondness or affection, as if a child; to pet.; To play with; to wheedle.
dandy: (n) A man very concerned about his physical appearance, refined language, and leisurely hobbies, pursued with the appearance of nonchalance in a cult of self.; A yawl, or a small after-sail on a yawl.; A dandy roller.; A small glass of whisky.(aj) Like a dandy, foppish.; Very good; better than expected but not as good as could be.; Excellent; first-rate.
Dandy: (N) A surname.
Dane: (n) A person from Denmark or of Danish descent.; A member of the Danes, a Germanic tribe inhabiting the Danish islands and parts of southern Sweden.(N) A surname, from nicknames for someone who came from Denmark, also a variant of Dean.; A male given name transferred from the surname, or from the ethnic term Dane (like Scott or Norman).; A river, the River Dane, in Cheshire, England, which joins the River Weaver at Northwich.
dang: (v) Damn.(i) Damn.(aj) Damn.(n) A damn, a negligible quantity, minimal consideration.(v) simple past tense of ding(v) To dash.
Dang: (N) A surname.
danged: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dang(aj) damned; accursed; objectionable
danger: (n) Exposure to likely harm; peril.; An instance or cause of likely harm.; Mischief.; The stop indication of a signal (usually in the phrase "at danger").; Ability to harm; someone's dominion or power to harm or penalise. See in one's danger, below.; Liability.; Difficulty; sparingness; hesitation.(v) To claim liability.; To imperil; to endanger.; To run the risk.
dangest: (adj) plural of dang
dangle: (v) To hang loosely with the ability to swing.; The action of performing a move or deke with the puck in order to get past a defender or goalie; perhaps because of the resemblance to dangling the puck on a string.; To hang or trail something loosely.; To put forth as a possibility.; To trail or follow around.; Of a patient: to be positioned with the legs hanging over the edge of the bed.; To position (a patient) in this way.(n) An agent of one intelligence agency or group who pretends to be interested in defecting or turning to another intelligence agency or group.; The action of dangling; a series of complex stick tricks and fakes in order to defeat the defender in style.; A dangling ornament or decoration.
daniel: (n) The buttocks.
Daniel: (N) A book in the Old Testament of the Bible.; The prophet whose story is told in the Book of Daniel.; A male given name from Hebrew in regular use since the Middle Ages.; A British patronymic surname, from given names, a variant of Daniels.; A French patronymic surname, from given names.; A Portuguese patronymic surname, from given names.; An Irish surname, from Irish, a rare adopted anglicization of Ó Domhnaill (O'Donnell).; A village in central Poland.; A town in Utah, United States.; A census-designated place in Wyoming, United States.(n) A wise judge, like the biblical Daniel who ingeniously saved a woman from false accusations of adultery.
danio: (n) Any of various fish of the genera Danio and Devario.
danish: (n) Danish pastry, light sweet yeast-raised roll usually filled with fruit or cheese.
Danish: (N) The language of Danes and Denmark.(n) Natives of Denmark; Danes.; Ellipsis of Danish pastry.(aj) Of or pertaining to Denmark.
dank: (aj) Dark, damp and humid.; Moist and sticky, (by extension) highly potent.; Great, awesome.(n) Moisture; humidity; water.(v) To moisten, dampen; used of mist, dew etc.(n) A small silver coin formerly used in Persia.
dans: (n) plural of dan
Dans: (n) plural of Dan
Dante: (N) A male given name from Italian, presumably in honor of the poet Dante Alighieri.
danton: (v) To daunt; to subdue.
Danube: (N) A river in Europe; flowing 2850 km from the confluence of the Breg and Brigach at Donaueschingen, Germany, into the Black Sea in Romania.; A locale in the United States, named for the river.; A town in New York.; A locale in the United States, named for the river.; A city in Minnesota.
Danzig: (N) Gdańsk (especially in reference to the times when it was part of a German-speaking state such as Prussia or Germany).; A surname.
dap: (n) A plimsoll.(v) To run or go somewhere quickly.; To create a hollow indentation.; To drop the bait gently onto the surface of the water.(n) Elaborate handshake, especially hooking thumbs.; A fist bump.(v) To greet with a dap.
daphne: (n) Any one of least 50 species of shrub in the genus Daphne of the family Thymelaeaceae, some of which are grown as ornamentals.
Daphne: (N) A dryad pursued by Apollo, who was turned into a laurel tree by the river god Peneus.; 41 Daphne, a main belt asteroid.; A female given name from Ancient Greek.
dapper: (aj) Neat, trim.; Stylishly dressed, neatly dressed, spiffy.; Quick; little and active.
dapple: (n) A mottled marking, usually in clusters.; An animal with a mottled or spotted skin or coat.(aj) Having a mottled or spotted skin or coat, dappled.(v) To mark or become marked with mottling or spots.
dare: (v) To have enough courage (to do something).; To defy or challenge (someone to do something); To have enough courage to meet or do something, go somewhere, etc.; to face up to; To terrify; to daunt.; To catch (larks) by producing terror through the use of mirrors, scarlet cloth, a hawk, etc., so that they lie still till a net is thrown over them.(n) A challenge to prove courage.; The quality of daring; venturesomeness; boldness.; Defiance; challenge.; In the game truth or dare, the choice to perform a dare set by the other players.(v) To stare stupidly or vacantly; to gaze as though amazed or terrified.; To lie or crouch down in fear.(n) A small fish, the dace.
Dare: (N) A surname.
dared: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dare
dares: (n) plural of dare(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dare
Dares: (N) plural of Dare
darg: (n) A day's work.; A defined quantity or amount of work, or of the product of work, done in a certain time or at a certain rate of payment; a task.(n) Informal form of dog.
daric: (n) A gold coin from Persian Empire, introduced by Darius the Great (522-486 BC) and used until Alexander the Great's invasion (330 BC).
daring: (v) present participle of dare(aj) Adventurous, willing to take on or look for risks; overbold.; Courageous or showing bravery; doughty.; Racy; sexually provocative.(n) Boldness.
dark: (aj) Having an absolute or (more often) relative lack of light.; Extinguished.; Having an absolute or (more often) relative lack of light.; Deprived of sight; blind.; Transmitting, reflecting, or receiving inadequate light to render timely discernment or comprehension: caliginous, darkling, dim, gloomy, lightless, sombre.; Dull or deeper in hue; not bright or light.; Ambiguously or unclearly expressed: enigmatic, esoteric, mysterious, obscure, undefined.; Marked by or conducted with secrecy: hidden, secret; clandestine, surreptitious.; Without moral or spiritual light; sinister, malign.; Conducive to hopelessness; depressing or bleak.; Lacking progress in science or the arts.; Extremely sad, depressing, or somber, typically due to, or marked by, a tragic or undesirable event.; With emphasis placed on the unpleasant aspects of life; said of a work of fiction, a work of nonfiction presented in narrative form, or a portion of either.; Off the air; not transmitting.(n) A complete or (more often) partial absence of light.; Ignorance.; Nightfall.; A dark shade or dark passage in a painting, engraving, etc.(v) To grow or become dark, darken.; To remain in the dark, lurk, lie hidden or concealed.; To make dark, darken; to obscure.
Dark: (N) A surname.
darken: (v) To make dark or darker by reducing light.; To become dark or darker (having less light).; To get dark (referring to the sky, either in the evening or as a result of cloud).; To make dark or darker in colour.; To become dark or darker in colour.; To render gloomy, darker in mood.; To become gloomy, darker in mood.; To blind, impair the eyesight.; To be blinded, lose one’s eyesight.; To cloud, obscure, or perplex; to render less clear or intelligible.; To make foul; to sully; to tarnish.
darker: (aj) comparative form of dark: more dark
Darker: (N) A surname.
darkey: (n) A person with dark skin.; A dark lantern.
darkle: (v) To be dark; to be visible only darkly.; To become dark; to show indistinctly.
darkly: (av) With insufficient light for easy discernment or comprehension; With a dark appearance; In a manner which is not readily visible or noticeable; inconspicuously; In a manner which retards or prevents discernment; clandestinely; In a manner which is difficult to understand, or which retards or prevents understanding; incomprehensibly; In a manner which tends to produce uncertainty or confusion; bewilderingly; In a manner which produces an inward conviction of future misfortune; ominously; In a morbid manner; morbidly, sinisterly(aj) Relating to darkness or obscurity.
darky: (n) Alternative spelling of darkey (“dark-skinned person”); Alternative spelling of darkey (“dark lantern”)
darn: (aj) Damn.(av) Damned.(i) Damn.(v) Euphemism of damn.(v) To repair by stitching with thread or yarn, particularly by using a needle to construct a weave across a damaged area of fabric.(n) A place mended by darning.
darned: (v) simple past tense and past participle of darn(aj) A minced oath for damned, used to express contempt, exasperation, consternation, etc. towards someone or something.(av) Damned, extremely.
darnel: (n) A species of ryegrass, Lolium temulentum, often found in wheat fields and often host to a fungus intoxicating to humans and animals.; Various species of Lolium, especially as a weed in wheat fields.
darner: (n) One who darns.; Any dragonfly of the family Aeshnidae; a hawker.
Darner: (N) A surname, from German.
dart: (n) A pointed missile weapon, intended to be thrown by the hand; for example, a short lance or javelin.; Any sharp-pointed missile weapon, such as an arrow.; Anything resembling such a missile; something that pierces or wounds like such a weapon.; A small object with a pointed tip at one end and feathers at the other, which is thrown at a target in the game of darts.; A cigarette.; A dart-shaped target towed behind an aircraft to train shooters.; A plan or scheme.; A sudden or fast movement.; A fold that is stitched on a garment.; A fish, the dace.; Any of various species of hesperiid butterfly.(v) To throw with a sudden effort or thrust; to hurl or launch.; To send forth suddenly or rapidly; to emit; to shoot.; To shoot with a dart, especially a tranquilizer dart.; To fly or pass swiftly, like a dart; to move rapidly in one direction; to shoot out quickly.; To start and run with speed; to shoot rapidly along.
DART: (n) Disaster animal response team.; Disaster area response team.; Disaster response team.
Dart: (N) A river in Devon, England, which flows from Dartmoor to the English Channel at Dartmouth.(N) A surname, from Middle English.; A town in Ontario, Canada(n) An officer trained at Britannia Royal Naval College, Dartmouth, England.
darted: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dart
darter: (n) One who darts, or who throws darts; that which darts.; Any member of the family Anhingidae, waterbirds with long necks.; Any of various darting freshwater fish of the family Percidae, that are usually small and brightly coloured and are native to North America.; Any of the similar South American (and Panamanian) freshwater fish in the characin family Crenuchidae; Any of the dragonflies in the genus Sympetrum; Any of various hesperiid butterflies of the genera Arrhenes and Telicota.
Darter: (N) A surname.
darts: (n) plural of dart(n) A game or sport in which darts are thrown at a board, and points are scored depending on where the darts land(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dart
DARTs: (n) plural of DART
Darts: (n) plural of Dart
darwin: (n) A unit of evolutionary change in evolutionary biology.
Darwin: (N) A surname, especially referring to Charles Darwin (1809–1882), British naturalist and founder of the theory of evolution by natural selection.; A municipality of Río Negro province, Argentina.; The capital city of the Northern Territory, Australia.; A ghost town in Tasmania, Australia.; A settlement on the peninsula of Lafonia, East Falkland island, Falkland Islands.; An unincorporated community and census-designated place in Inyo County, California, United States.; A ghost town in Fresno County, California, United States.; An unincorporated community in Darwin Township, Clark County, Illinois, United States.; A tiny city in Meeker County, Minnesota, United States.; A small unincorporated community in Bedford Township, Meigs County, Ohio, United States.; An unincorporated community in Pushmataha County, Oklahoma, United States.; A ghost town in Webb County, Texas, United States.; An unincorporated community in Dickenson County, Virginia, United States.; A male given name transferred from the surname, deriving from the Old English name Dēorwine and revived through the surname.; Ellipsis of Darwin College, Cambridge.(N) Alternative form of Derwent (English locative name)
das: (n) plural of da (“father”)(ab) That is; that's
dash: (n) Any of the following symbols: ‒ (figure dash), – (en dash), — (em dash), or ― (horizontal bar).; A hyphen or minus sign.; The longer of the two symbols of Morse code.; A short run, flight.; A rushing or violent onset.; Violent strike; a whack.; A small quantity of a liquid substance etc.; less than 1/8 of a teaspoon.; A slight admixture.; Ostentatious vigor.; A dashboard.; A bribe or gratuity; a gift.; A stand-in for a censored word, like "Devil" or "damn". (Compare deuce.)(v) To run quickly or for a short distance.; To leave or depart.; To destroy by striking (against).; To throw violently.; To sprinkle; to splatter.; To mix, reduce, or adulterate, by throwing in something of an inferior quality.; To ruin; to destroy.; To dishearten; to sadden.; To complete hastily.; To draw or write quickly; jot.; Damn (in forming oaths).(i) Damn!
Dash: (N) A topographic surname.; A male given name transferred from the surname.
dashed: (v) past participle of dash(aj) Made up of short lines with small gaps between each one and the next.; Damned.
dasher: (n) A person who dashes; a fast runner.; That which dashes or agitates.; A dashboard or splashboard.; One who makes an ostentatious parade or display.
Dasher: (N) A surname.(N) The first reindeer of Santa Claus.
dashes: (n) plural of dash(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dash
data: (n) plural of datum; Information, especially in a scientific or computational context, or with the implication that it is organized.; Recorded observations that are usually presented in a structured format.; A representation of facts or ideas in a formalized manner capable of being communicated or manipulated by some process.; Ellipsis of mobile data: digital information transmitted using the cellular telephone network rather than Wi-Fi.
datary: (n) an officer in the Roman Catholic Church who dispensed benefices
datcha: (n) Alternative spelling of dacha
date: (n) The fruit of the date palm, Phoenix dactylifera, somewhat in the shape of an olive, containing a soft, sweet pulp and enclosing a hard kernel.; The date palm.(n) The addition to a writing, inscription, coin, etc., which specifies the time (especially the day, month, and year) when the writing or inscription was given, executed, or made.; A specific day in time at which a transaction or event takes place, or is appointed to take place; a given point of time.; A point in time.; Assigned end; conclusion.; Given or assigned length of life; duration.; A pre-arranged meeting.; One's companion for social activities or occasions.; A romantic meeting or outing with a lover or potential lover, or the person so met.(v) To note the time or place of writing or executing; to express in an instrument the time of its execution.; To note or fix the time of (an event); to give the date of.; To determine the age of something.; To take (someone) on a date, or a series of dates.; To have a steady relationship with; to be romantically involved with.; To have a steady relationship with each other; to be romantically involved with each other.; To make or become old, especially in such a way as to fall out of fashion, become less appealing or attractive, etc.; To have beginning; to begin; to be dated or reckoned.
Date: (N) A surname.; A ghost town in Perkins County, South Dakota, United States.
dated: (aj) Marked with a date.; Outdated.; Anachronistic; being obviously inappropriate for its present context.; No longer fashionable.; Alotted a span of days.(v) simple past tense and past participle of date
dates: (n) plural of date(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of date
Dates: (N) plural of Date
dating: (v) present participle of date(n) A form of romantic courtship typically between two individuals with the aim of assessing the other's suitability as a partner in an intimate relationship or as a spouse.; An estimation of the age of an artifact, biological vestige, linguistic usage, etc.; The setting of a date on which an event or transaction is to take place or take effect.
dative: (aj) Noting the case of a noun which expresses the remoter or indirect object, generally indicated in English by to or for with the objective.; In one’s gift; capable of being disposed of at will and pleasure, as an office or other privilege.; Removable, as distinguished from perpetual; — said of an officer.; Given by a judge, as distinguished from being cast upon a party by the law itself.; Formed by two electrons contributed by one atom; see dative bond.(n) The dative case.; A word inflected in the dative case.
Dato: (N) A surname.
Datos: (n) plural Dato
datum: (n) A measurement of something on a scale understood by both the recorder (a person or device) and the reader (another person or device). The scale is arbitrarily defined, such as from 1 to 10 by ones, 1 to 100 by 0.1, or simply true or false, on or off, yes, no, or maybe, etc.; (philosophy) A fact known from direct observation.; (philosophy) A premise from which conclusions are drawn.; (cartography, engineering) A fixed reference point, or a coordinate system.; (nautical) A floating reference point, or SLDMB, used to evaluate surface currents in a body of water. Often employed by coastal search and rescue.(v) To provide missing data points by using a mathematical model to extrapolate values that are outside the range of a measuring device.
datura: (n) A plant of the genus Datura, known for its trumpet-shaped flowers and poisonous properties.
daub: (n) Excrement or clay used as a bonding material in construction.; A soft coating of mud, plaster, etc.; A crude or amateurish painting.(v) To apply (something) to a surface in hasty or crude strokes.; To paint (a picture, etc.) in a coarse or unskilful manner.; To cover with a specious or deceitful exterior; to disguise; to conceal.; To flatter excessively or grossly.; To put on without taste; to deck gaudily.
Daub: (N) A surname.
daube: (n) A stew of braised meat, usually beef.
daubed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of daub
daubs: (n) plural of daub(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of daub
Daubs: (N) plural of Daub
Daudet: (N) A surname, from French.
daunt: (v) To discourage, intimidate.; To overwhelm.
Daunt: (N) A surname, from Middle English.
David: (N) A male given name from Hebrew.; The second king of Judah and Israel, the successor of Saul in the Old Testament.; A patronymic surname, from given names common in Wales, in honor of the ancient Saint David of Wales.; A female given name, often combined with a feminine middle name (e.g. David Ann).
davies: (n) plural of davy
Davies: (N) A Welsh and English patronymic surname, from given names derived from the given name Davy/Davey/Davie or David.(n) plural of Davy (kind of lamp)
Davis: (N) A Welsh and English patronymic surname, from given names, a variant of Davies.; An Irish surname, adopted as an anglicization of Ó Damháin, Ó Daimhín (whence Devine).; An Irish surname, adopted as an anglicization of Mac Dáibhidh (whence McDavid).; A male given name transferred from the surname.; An unincorporated community in Saskatchewan, Canada; named for politician Thomas Osborne Davis.; A locale in the United States.; A city in Yolo County, California; named for agriculturalist Jerome C. Davis.; A locale in the United States.; A city in Oklahoma; named for early settler Samuel H. Davis.; A locale in the United States.; A village in Illinois; named for founder S. J. Davis.; A locale in the United States.; A town in Tucker County, West Virginia; named for senator Henry Gassaway Davis, or his family.; A locale in the United States.; A census-designated place in North Carolina.; A locale in the United States.; A town in South Dakota; named for an early settler.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Missouri.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Logan County, West Virginia.; University of California, Davis.
davit: (n) A spar formerly used on board of ships, as a crane to hoist the flukes of the anchor to the top of the bow, without injuring the sides of the ship.; A crane, often working in pairs and usually made of steel, used to lower things over an edge of a long drop off, such as lowering a maintenance trapeze down a building or launching a lifeboat over the side of a ship.
davy: (n) An affidavit, a legally binding statement or oath(n) A Davy lamp, a type of safety lamp.
Davy: (N) A diminutive of the male given name David.; A patronymic surname, from given names derived from David.(n) A Davy lamp.
daw: (n) A western jackdaw, Coloeus monedula, a passerine bird in the crow family (Corvidae), more commonly called jackdaw.; An idiot, a simpleton; fool.(v) To dawn.; To wake (someone) up.; To daunt; to terrify.
Daw: (N) A surname, from given names.
dawdle: (v) To spend time idly and unfruitfully; to waste time.; To spend (time) without haste or purpose.; To move or walk lackadaisically.(n) A dawdler.; A slow walk, journey.; An easily accomplished task; a doddle.
dawen: (v) plural of daw
dawn: (v) To begin to brighten with daylight.; To start to appear or be realized.; To begin to give promise; to begin to appear or to expand.(n) The morning twilight period immediately before sunrise.; The rising of the sun.; The time when the sun rises.; The earliest phase of something.
Dawn: (N) A female given name from English sometimes given to a girl born at that time of day.
dawned: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dawn
dawns: (n) plural of dawn(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dawn
Dawson: (N) A patronymic surname, from given names.; A placename; A rural locality in South Australia, Australia.; A placename; A township in the Rainy River District, Ontario, Canada.; A placename; A locale in the United States; A placename; Ellipsis of Dawson City; A placename; Ellipsis of Dawson County
day: (n) Any period of 24 hours.; A period from midnight to the following midnight.; Rotational period of a planet (especially Earth).; The part of a day period which one spends at one’s job, school, etc.; Part of a day period between sunrise and sunset where one enjoys daylight; daytime.; A specified time or period; time, considered with reference to the existence or prominence of a person or thing; age; time.; A period of contention of a day or less.; A 24-hour period beginning at 6am or sunrise.(v) To spend a day (in a place).
Day: (N) A patronymic surname, from given names derived from a medieval diminutive of David.; An English surname, from occupations from day as a word for a "day-servant", an archaic term for a day-laborer, or from given names such as Dagr, Daug, Dege, and Dey, cognate with Scandinavian Dag.; An Irish surname, from Irish can be found as both Day and O'Day from Ó Deághaidh (“descendant of a person named Good Luck”).(N) A Mbum-Day language of Chad.
Dayak: (n) An indigenous native of Borneo.
dayfly: (n) A mayfly.
days: (n) plural of day(n) A particular time or period of vague extent.; Life.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of day(av) During the day.
Dayton: (N) A English surname, from Old English, a variant of Deighton.; A city, the county seat of Montgomery County, Ohio; named for Jonathan Dayton, a Constitution signatory and statesman.; A census-designated place in Lyon County, Nevada, United States; named for John Day, a local surveyor.; A city, the county seat of Rhea County, Tennessee; named for the city in Ohio.; A city in Texas.; A census-designated place in New Jersey; named for Jonathan Dayton.; A city in Kentucky; named for the city in Ohio.; A city in Minnesota; named for founder Lyman Dayton.; A town in Waupaca County, Wisconsin; named for early settler Lyman Dayton.; A suburb of Perth, Western Australia; named for Walter Warner Day, a cattle and wine pioneer in the area.; A city in Oregon.; A city, the county seat of Columbia County, Washington; named for Jesse Day.; A town in Maine; named for Thomas Day, who submitted the petition for the area to become a town.; A town in New York.; A town in Indiana.; A town in Virginia.; A city in Iowa; named for the city in Ohio.; A town in Wyoming; named for founder Joe Dayton Thorne.; A town in Richland County, Wisconsin.; A borough of Pennsylvania.; A city in Idaho.; A community in Nova Scotia.; A census-designated place in Montana.; A town in Alabama.
daze: (n) The state of being dazed; A glittering stone.(v) To stun or stupefy, for example with bright light, with a blow, with cold, or with fear
dazed: (aj) In a state of shock or confusion.; Stunned or entranced.(v) simple past tense and past participle of daze
dazzle: (v) To confuse the sight of by means of excessive brightness.; To render incapable of thinking clearly; to overwhelm with showiness or brilliance.; To be overpowered by light; to be confused by excess of brightness.(n) A light of dazzling brilliancy.; Showy brilliance that may stop a person from thinking clearly.; A herd of zebra.; Dazzle camouflage.
de: (v) To do.(a) Pronunciation spelling of the.(i) A meaningless syllable used when singing a tune or indicating a rhythm.
De: (N) A surname, from India of Bengali origin.
dE: (n) dwarf elliptical galaxy
deacon: (n) A designated minister of charity in the early Church (see Acts 6:1-6).; A clergyman ranked directly below a priest, with duties of helping the priests and carrying out parish work.; Free Churches: A lay leader of a congregation who assists the pastor.; Anglicanism: An ordained clergyman usually serving a year prior to being ordained presbyter, though in some cases they remain a permanent deacon.; Methodism: A separate office from that of minister, neither leading to the other; instead there is a permanent deaconate.; A junior lodge officer.; The lowest office in the Aaronic priesthood, generally held by 12 or 13 year old boys or recent converts.; A male calf of a dairy breed, so called because they are usually deaconed (see below).; The chairman of an incorporated company.(v) For a choir leader to lead a hymn by speaking one or two lines at a time, which are then sung by the choir.; To kill a calf shortly after birth.; To place fresh fruit at the top of a barrel or other container, with spoiled or imperfect fruit hidden beneath.; To make sly alterations to the boundaries of (land); to adulterate or doctor (an article to be sold), etc.
Deacon: (N) A surname, from occupations.; A male given name from English.
dead: (aj) No longer living. (Also used as a noun.); Devoid of life.; Figuratively, not alive; lacking life.; So hated that they are absolutely ignored.; Doomed; marked for death (literally or as a hyperbole).; Without emotion.; Stationary; static.; Without interest to one of the senses; dull; flat.; Unproductive.; Completely inactive; currently without power; without a signal.; Unable to emit power, being discharged (flat) or faulty.; Broken or inoperable.; No longer used or required.; Not imparting motion or power by design.; Not in play.; Lying so near the hole that the player is certain to hole it in the next stroke.; Tagged out.; Full and complete.; Exact.; Experiencing pins and needles (paresthesia).; Constructed so as not to transmit sound; soundless.; Bringing death; deadly.; Cut off from the rights of a citizen; deprived of the power of enjoying the rights of property.; Indifferent to, no longer subject to or ruled by (sin, guilt, pleasure, etc).(av) Exactly.; Very, absolutely, extremely.; Suddenly and completely.; As if dead.(n) Time when coldness, darkness, or stillness is most intense.(n) (usually in the plural) Sterile mining waste, often present as many large rocks stacked inside the workings.; Clipping of deadlift.(v) To prevent by disabling; stop.; To make dead; to deaden; to deprive of life, force, or vigour.; To kill.
deaden: (v) To render less lively; to diminish; to muffle.; To become less lively; to diminish (by itself).; To make soundproof.
deadly: (aj) Subject to death; mortal.; Causing death; lethal.; Aiming or willing to destroy; implacable; desperately hostile.; Very accurate (of aiming with a bow, firearm, etc.).; Very boring.; (chiefly Canada) Excellent, awesome, cool.(av) Fatally, mortally.; In a way which suggests death.; Extremely, incredibly.
deaf: (aj) Unable to hear, or only partially able to hear.; Unwilling to listen or be persuaded; determinedly inattentive; regardless.; Obscurely heard; stifled; deadened.; Decayed; tasteless; dead.(n) A deaf person.(v) To deafen.
Deaf: (aj) Of or relating to the culture surrounding deaf users of sign languages.
deafen: (v) To make deaf, either temporarily or permanently.; To make soundproof.; To stun, as with noise.
deal: (n) A division, a portion, a share, a part, a piece.; An indefinite quantity or amount; a lot (now usually qualified by great or good).(v) To distribute among a number of recipients, to give out as one’s portion or share.; To administer or give out, as in small portions.; To distribute cards to the players in a game.; To pitch.; To have dealings or business.; To conduct oneself, to behave.; To take action; to act.; To trade professionally (followed by in).; To sell, especially to sell illicit drugs.; To be concerned with.; To handle, to manage, to cope.(n) An act of dealing or sharing out.; The distribution of cards to players; a player's turn for this.; A particular instance of trading (buying or selling; exchanging; bartering); a transaction.; Specifically, a transaction offered which is financially beneficial; a bargain.; An agreement between parties; an arrangement; A situation, occasion, or event.; A thing, an unspecified or unidentified object.(n) Wood that is easy to saw (from conifers such as pine or fir).; A plank of softwood (fir or pine board).; A wooden board or plank, usually between 12 or 14 feet in length, traded as a commodity in shipbuilding.(aj) Made of deal.
Deal: (N) A coastal town in Kent, England.
dealer: (n) One who deals in goods, especially automobiles; a middleman.; A drug dealer, one who peddles illicit drugs.; A particular type of stock broker or trader.; The person who deals the cards in a card game.; One who deals or metes out anything.
deals: (n) plural of deal(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of deal
dealt: (v) simple past tense and past participle of deal
dean: (n) A senior official in a college or university, who may be in charge of a division or faculty (for example, the dean of science) or have some other advisory or disciplinary function (for example, the dean of students).; A dignitary or presiding officer in certain church bodies, especially an ecclesiastical dignitary, subordinate to a bishop, in charge of a chapter of canons.; The senior member of some group of people.(v) To serve as a dean.; To send (a student) to see the dean of a college or university.(n) A hill.
Dean: (N) A title afforded to a dean.; A habitational surname, from Middle English from Middle English dene “valley”.; A male given name transferred from the surname or from occupations derived from the title.; A placename; Any of various villages and hamlets in England.
deans: (n) plural of dean(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dean
Deans: (N) A surname.; A placename; An unincorporated community in South Brunswick, Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States.; A placename; A suburb of Livingston, West Lothian council area, Scotland, United Kingdom (OS grid ref NT0269).(n) plural of Dean
dear: (aj) High in price; expensive.; Loved; lovable.; Lovely; kind.; Loving, affectionate, heartfelt; Precious to or greatly valued by someone.; A formal way to start (possibly after my) addressing somebody at the beginning of a letter, memo etc.; A formal way to start (often after my) addressing somebody one likes or regards kindly.; An ironic way to start (often after my) addressing an inferior.; Noble.(n) A very kind, loving person.; A beloved person.; An affectionate, familiar term of address, such as used between husband and wife.(v) To endear.(av) Dearly; at a high price.(i) Indicating surprise, pity, or disapproval.(aj) Severe, or severely affected; sore.; Fierce.
Dear: (N) A surname.
deare: (aj) Obsolete spelling of dear
dearer: (aj) comparative form of dear: more dear(av) comparative form of dearly: more dearly
deares: (v) plural of deare
dearie: (n) A person who is dear; sweetie.
dearly: (av) In a dear or precious manner.; In a dear or expensive manner.; At great expense.
dears: (n) plural of dear
Dears: (N) plural of Dear
dearth: (n) A period or condition when food is rare and hence expensive; famine.; Scarcity; a lack or short supply.; Dearness; the quality of being rare or costly.
deary: (n) A dear; a darling.; A term of address for a female.
death: (n) The cessation of life and all associated processes; the end of an organism's existence as an entity independent from its environment and its return to an inert, nonliving state.; Execution (in the judicial sense).; The personification of death as a hooded figure with a scythe; the Grim Reaper. The pronoun he is not the only option, but probably the most traditional one, as it matches with the male grammatical gender of Old English dēaþ, also with cognate German der Tod. The fourth apocalyptic rider (Bible, revelations 6:8) is male θᾰ́νᾰτος (thanatos) in Greek. It has the female name Mors in Latin, but is referred to with male forms qui and eum. The following quotes show this rider on a pale horse is his in the English Bible and she in Peter Gabriel's lyrics.; The collapse or end of something.; A cause of great stress, exhaustion, embarrassment, or another negative condition (for someone).; Spiritual lifelessness.
Death: (N) The personification of death, often a skeleton with a scythe, and one of the four horsemen of the apocalypse.
deaths: (n) plural of death
deb: (n) Clipping of debutante.; Debutante ball or debut.
Deb: (N) Abbreviated form of the female given name Deborah.
debag: (v) To remove from a bag.; To pull down the trousers of a person quickly and without consent, as a prank.; To perform blepharoplasty to remove eyebags.
debar: (v) To exclude or shut out; to bar.; To hinder or prevent.; To prohibit (a person or company that has been convicted of criminal acts in connection with a government program) from future participation in that program.
Debar: (N) A city in western North Macedonia.
debark: (v) To unload goods from an aircraft or ship.; To disembark.(v) To remove the bark from a tree, especially one that has been felled.(v) To devocalize (a dog).
debase: (v) To lower in character, quality, or value; to degrade.; To lower in position or rank.; To lower the value of (a currency) by reducing the amount of valuable metal in the coins.
debate: (n) An argument, or discussion, usually in an ordered or formal setting, often with more than two people, generally ending with a vote or other decision.; An informal and spirited but generally civil discussion of opposing views.; Discussion of opposing views.; A type of literary composition, taking the form of a discussion or disputation, commonly found in the vernacular medieval poetry of many European countries, as well as in medieval Latin.; Strife, discord.(v) To participate in a debate; to dispute, argue, especially in a public arena.; To fight.; To engage in combat for; to strive for.; To consider (to oneself), to think over, to attempt to decide
debit: (n) In bookkeeping, an entry in the left hand column of an account.; A sum of money taken out of a bank account. Thus called, because in bank's bookkeeping a cash withdrawal diminishes the amount of money held on the account, i.e. bank's debt to the customer.(v) To make an entry on the debit side of an account.; To record a receivable in the bookkeeping.(aj) of or relating to process of taking money from an account; of or relating to the debit card function of a debit card rather than its often available credit card function
debris: (n) Rubble, wreckage, scattered remains of something destroyed.; Litter and discarded refuse.; The ruins of a broken-down structure.; Large rock fragments left by a melting glacier etc.
debs: (n) plural of deb
Debs: (N) A short form of the female given name Deborah.; A surname.
debt: (n) An action, state of mind, or object one has an obligation to perform for another, adopt toward another, or give to another.; The state or condition of owing something to another.; Money that one person or entity owes or is required to pay to another, generally as a result of a loan or other financial transaction.; An action at law to recover a certain specified sum of money alleged to be due
debtor: (n) A person or firm that owes money; one in debt; one who owes a debt.; One who owes another anything, or is under obligation, arising from express agreement, implication of law, or principles of natural justice, to pay money or to fulfill some other obligation; in bankruptcy or similar proceedings, the person who is the subject of the proceeding.
debts: (n) plural of debt
debug: (v) To search for and eliminate malfunctioning elements or errors in something, especially a computer program or machinery.; To remove a hidden electronic surveillance device from (somewhere).; To remove insects from (somewhere), especially lice.(n) The action, or a session, of reviewing source code to find and eliminate errors.
debunk: (v) To discredit, or expose to ridicule the falsehood or the exaggerated claims of something.
debus: (v) To get off a bus.
debused: (v) plural of debus
debuses: (v) plural of debus
debusing: (v) plural of debus
debut: (n) A performer's first performance to the public, in sport, the arts or some other area.; The first public presentation of a theatrical play, motion picture, opera, musical composition, dance, or other performing arts piece.; The first appearance of a debutante in society.; The coming-of-age celebration of a woman's eighteenth birthday.(v) to formally introduce, as to the public; to make one's initial formal appearance
decade: (n) A group, set, or series of ten ; A period of ten years , particularly such a period beginning with a year ending in 0 and ending with a year ending in 9.; A group, set, or series of ten ; A period of ten days, (history) particularly those in the ancient Egyptian, Coptic, and French Revolutionary calendars.; A group, set, or series of ten ; A work in ten parts or books, particularly such divisions of Livy's History of Rome.; A group, set, or series of ten ; A series of prayers counted on a rosary, typically consisting of an Our Father, followed by ten Hail Marys, and concluding with a Glory Be and sometimes the Fatima Prayer.; A group, set, or series of ten ; Any of the sets of ten sequential braille characters with predictable patterns.; A group, set, or series of ten ; A set of ten electronic devices used to represent digits.; A set of resistors, capacitors, etc. connected so as to provide even increments between one and ten times a base electrical resistance.; The interval between any two quantities having a ratio of 10 to 1.
decal: (n) A design or picture produced in order to be transferred to another surface either permanently or temporarily.; A decorative sticker.(v) To apply decals to.
decamp: (v) To break up camp and move on.; To disappear suddenly and secretly.
decane: (n) any of the seventy-five isomers of the aliphatic hydrocarbon having the chemical formula C₁₀H₂₂
decani: (aj) Of the side of the chancel, apse, altar or choir on which the dean's stall is placed (the right hand side to a person facing the altar); decanal.
decant: (v) To pour off (a liquid) gently, so as not to disturb the sediment.; To pour from one vessel into another.; To flow.; To remove a clone from its chamber, vat, or artificial womb.; To rehouse people while their buildings are being refurbished or rebuilt.
decare: (n) A unit of surface area equal to 10 ares (that is, 1,000 square metres, or approximately 0.25 acres)
decay: (n) The process or result of being gradually decomposed.; A deterioration of condition; loss of status or fortune.; Overthrow, downfall, ruin.; The situation, in programming languages such as C, where an array loses its type and dimensions and is reduced to a pointer, for example by passing it to a function.(v) To deteriorate, to get worse, to lose strength or health, to decline in quality.; To undergo bit rot, that is, gradual degradation.; To deteriorate, to get worse, to lose strength or health, to decline in quality.; To undergo software rot, that is, to fail to be updated in a changing environment, so as to eventually become legacy or obsolete.; To deteriorate, to get worse, to lose strength or health, to decline in quality.; To undergo prolonged reduction in altitude (above the orbited body).; To rot, to go bad.; To change by undergoing fission, by emitting radiation, or by capturing or losing one or more electrons; to undergo radioactive decay.; To undergo optical decay, that is, to relax to a less excited state, usually by emitting a photon or phonon.; Loss of airspeed due to drag.; To cause to rot or deteriorate.; Of an array: to lose its type and dimensions and be reduced to a pointer, for example when passed to a function.
decays: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of decay
deceit: (n) An act or practice intended to deceive; a trick.; An act of deceiving someone.; The state of being deceitful or deceptive.; The tort or fraudulent representation of a material fact made with knowledge of its falsity, or recklessly, or without reasonable grounds for believing its truth and with intent to induce reliance on it; the plaintiff justifiably relies on the deception, to his injury.
decent: (aj) Appropriate; suitable for the circumstances.; Having a suitable conformity to basic moral standards; showing integrity, fairness, or other characteristics associated with moral uprightness.; Sufficiently clothed or dressed to be seen.; Fair; good enough; okay.; Significant; substantial.; Conforming to perceived standards of good taste.; Comely; shapely; well-formed.
decern: (v) Decide; determine; decree.; Decide; determine (a matter disputed or doubtful).; Decide; determine; decree.; Decree by judicial sentence. Now a technical term of Scottish judicature; the use of the word decerns being necessary to constitute a decree.; Discern.; Distinguish or separate by their differences (things that differ, one thing from another).; Discern.; See distinctly (with the eyes or the mind); distinguish (an object or fact); discern.
decide: (v) to resolve (a contest, problem, dispute, etc.); to choose, determine, or settle; to make a judgment, especially after deliberation; to cause someone to come to a decision; to cut off; to separate
decile: (n) Any of the values in a series that divides the distribution of individuals in that series into ten groups of equal frequency.; Any one of the ten subsets or groups so divided.; An aspect or position of two planets when they are distant from each other a tenth part of the zodiac.
deck: (n) Any raised flat surface that can be walked on: a balcony; a porch; a raised patio; a flat rooftop.; The floorlike covering of the horizontal sections, or compartments, of a ship. Small vessels have only one deck; larger ships have two or three decks.; A main aeroplane surface, especially of a biplane or multiplane.; A pack or set of playing cards.; A set of cards owned by each individual player and from which they draw when playing.; A headline consisting of one or more actual lines of text.; A set of slides for a presentation.; A heap or store.; A folded paper used for distributing illicit drugs.; The floor.; The stage.; Short for tape deck.(v) To furnish with a deck, as a vessel.; To knock someone to the floor, especially with a single punch.; To cause a player to run out of cards to draw, usually making them lose the game.(v) To dress (someone) up, to clothe with more than ordinary elegance.; To decorate (something).; To cover; to overspread.
decked: (v) simple past tense and past participle of deck(aj) Adorned or embellished.; Having a specified number or type of decks.
decker: (n) One who, or that which, decks or adorns; a coverer.; Something having numerous levels.
Decker: (N) A surname, from German of German origin.; A male given name transferred from the surname.
deckle: (n) A frame or edge which limits the pulp and, consequently, the size of the resulting paper.; A membrane covering the outermost side of a brisket of beef, where it was attached to the rib cage; The fattier, smaller point-cut portion of a brisket of beef, being the superficial pectoral muscle.
decks: (n) plural of deck(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of deck
decoct: (v) To make an infusion.; To reduce, or concentrate by boiling down.; To heat as if by boiling.; To reduce or diminish.; To digest in the stomach.; To devise.
decode: (v) To convert from an encrypted form to plain text.; To figure out something difficult to interpret.(n) A product of decoding; Output from a program or device used to interpret communication protocols
decor: (n) The style of decoration of a room or building.; A stage setting; scenery; set; backdrop.
decoy: (n) A person or object meant to lure somebody into danger.; A real or fake animal used by hunters to lure game.; Deceptive military device used to draw enemy attention or fire away from a more important target.(v) To lead into danger by artifice; to lure into a net or snare; to entrap.; To act as, or use, a decoy.
decree: (n) An edict or law.; The judicial decision in a litigated cause rendered by a court of equity.; The determination of a cause in a court of admiralty or court of probate.; A predetermination made by God; an act of providence.(v) To command by a decree.
decry: (v) To denounce as harmful.; To blame for ills.
decury: (n) A set or squad of ten men under a decurion.
dedal: (n) Alternative spelling of daedal
dedans: (n) A division, at one end of a tennis court, for spectators.
deduce: (v) To reach (a conclusion) by applying rules of logic or other forms of reasoning to given premises or known facts.; To examine, explain, or record (something) in an orderly manner.; To obtain (something) from some source; to derive.; To be derived or obtained from some source.; To take away (something); to deduct, to subtract (something).; To lead (something) forth.
deduct: (v) To take one thing from another; remove from; make smaller by some amount.
dee: (v) To do.(n) The name of the Latin-script letter D.; Something shaped like the letter D, such as a dee lock.; Police detective.
Dee: (N) A river in Aberdeenshire council area, Scotland that flows about 145 km (90 mi) from the Cairngorm Mountains to the North Sea at Aberdeen.; A river in Wales and England that flows about 113 km (70 mi) from Snowdonia to the Irish Sea near Liverpool.; A river in Cumbria, England, which flows through Dentdale and joins the River Rawthey near Sedbergh.; A river in County Cavan and County Louth, Ireland.; A female given name, short for names beginning with D.; A surname of multiple origins.
deed: (n) An action or act; something that is done.; A brave or noteworthy action; a feat or exploit.; Action or fact, as opposed to rhetoric or deliberation.; A legal instrument that is executed under seal or before witnesses.(v) To transfer real property by deed.
Deed: (N) A surname.
deeder: (adj) plural of deed
deedest: (adj) plural of deed
deeds: (n) plural of deed(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of deed
deeing: (v) plural of dee
deejay: (n) A disc jockey.(v) To perform as a disc jockey.; To play music as a disc jockey.
deem: (v) To judge, to pass judgment on; to doom, to sentence.; To adjudge, to decree.; To dispense (justice); to administer (law).; To hold in belief or estimation; to adjudge as a conclusion; to regard as being; to evaluate according to one's beliefs; to account.; To think, judge, or have or hold as an opinion; to decide or believe on consideration; to suppose.(n) An opinion, a judgment, a surmise.
Deem: (N) A surname.
deemed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of deem(aj) An accreditation awarded to higher educational institutions in India.
deems: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of deem(n) plural of deem
Deems: (N) plural of Deem
deep: (aj) Extending far away from a point of reference, especially downwards.; Extending far down from the top, or surface, to the bottom, literally or figuratively.; Extending far away from a point of reference, especially downwards.; Far in extent in another (non-downwards, but generally also non-upwards) direction away from a point of reference.; Extending far away from a point of reference, especially downwards.; Extending to a level or length equivalent to the stated thing.; Extending far away from a point of reference, especially downwards.; In a (specified) number of rows or layers.; Extending far away from a point of reference, especially downwards.; Thick.; Extending far away from a point of reference, especially downwards.; Voluminous.; Extending far away from a point of reference, especially downwards.; Positioned or reaching far, especially down through something or into something.; Complex, involved.; Profound, having great meaning or import, but possibly obscure or not obvious.; Complex, involved.; Significant, not superficial, in extent.; Complex, involved.; Hard to penetrate or comprehend; profound; intricate; obscure.; Complex, involved.; Of penetrating or far-reaching intellect; not superficial; thoroughly skilled; sagacious; cunning.; Low in pitch.; Highly saturated; rich.; Sound, heavy (describing a state of sleep from which one is not easily awoken).; Muddy; boggy; sandy; said of roads.; Distant in the past, ancient.(av) Far, especially far down through something or into something, physically or figuratively.; In a profound, not superficial, manner.; In large volume.; Back towards one's own goal, baseline, or similar.(n) The deep part of a lake, sea, etc.; The sea, the ocean.; A deep hole or pit, a water well; an abyss.; A silent time; quiet isolation.; A deep shade of colour.; The profound part of a problem.; A fielding position near the boundary.
Deep: (N) A surname.
deepen: (v) To make deep or deeper; To make darker or more intense; to darken; To make more poignant or affecting; to increase in degree; To make lower in tone; To make more thorough or extensive.; To make more intimate.; To make more sound or heavy.; To become deeper; To become darker or more intense; To become lower in tone; To become more thorough or extensive.; To become more intimate.; To become more sound or heavy.
deeper: (aj) comparative form of deep: more deep
deeply: (av) To a deep extent or degree; very greatly.; So as to extend far down or far into something.; At depth.; In a profound, not superficial, manner.; In large volume.; Soundly; so as to be hard to rouse.; Richly.
deeps: (n) plural of deep
Deeps: (N) plural of Deep
deer: (n) A ruminant mammal with antlers and hooves of the family Cervidae, or one of several similar animals from related families of the order Artiodactyla.; One of the smaller animals of this family, distinguished from a moose or elk; The meat of such an animal; venison.; Any animal, especially a quadrupedal mammal as opposed to a bird, fish, etc.
deere: (aj) Archaic spelling of dear.(n) Archaic spelling of dear.; Archaic spelling of deer.
def: (aj) excellent; very good
deface: (v) To damage or vandalize something, especially a surface, in a visible or conspicuous manner.; To void or devalue; to nullify or degrade the face value of.; To alter a coat of arms or a flag by adding an element to it.
defame: (v) To disgrace; to bring into disrepute.; To charge; to accuse (someone) of an offence.; To harm or diminish the reputation of; to disparage.(n) Disgrace, dishonour.; Defamation; slander, libel.
defast: (v) plural of deface
defaste: (v) plural of deface
defeat: (v) To overcome in battle or contest.; To reduce, to nothing, the strength of.; To nullify; To prevent (something) from being achieved.(n) The act or instance of being defeated, of being overcome or vanquished; a loss.; The act or instance of defeating, of overcoming, vanquishing.; Frustration (by prevention of success), stymieing; (law) nullification.; Destruction, ruin.
defect: (n) A fault or malfunction.; The quantity or amount by which anything falls short.; A part by which a figure or quantity is wanting or deficient.(v) To abandon or turn against; to cease or change one's loyalty, especially from a military organisation or political party.; To desert one's army, to flee from combat.; To join the enemy army.; To flee one's country and seek asylum.
defend: (v) To ward off attacks against; to fight to protect; to guard.; To support by words or writing; to vindicate, talk in favour of.; To make legal defence of; to represent (the accused).; To focus one's energies and talents on preventing opponents from scoring, as opposed to focusing on scoring.; To attempt to retain a title, or attempt to reach the same stage in a competition as one did in the previous edition of that competition.; To call a raise from the big blind.; To ward off, repel (an attack or attacker).; To prevent, to keep (from doing something).; To prohibit, forbid.
defer: (v) To delay or postpone; to postpone induction into military service.; After winning the opening coin toss, to postpone until the start of the second half a team's choice of whether to kick off or receive (and to allow the opposing team to make this choice at the start of the first half).; To delay, to wait.(v) To submit to the opinion or desire of others in respect to their judgment or authority.; To render, to offer.
defied: (v) simple past tense and past participle of defy
defies: (n) plural of defy(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of defy
defile: (v) To make unclean, dirty, or impure; soil; befoul.; To vandalize or add inappropriate contents to something considered sacred or special; desecrate; To deprive or ruin someone's (sexual) purity or chastity, often not consensually; stain; tarnish; mar; rape(n) A narrow way or passage, e.g. between mountains.; A single file, such as of soldiers.; The act of defilading a fortress, or of raising the exterior works in order to protect the interior.(v) To march in a single file; to file.
define: (v) To determine with precision; to mark out with distinctness; to ascertain or exhibit clearly.; To settle, decide (an argument etc.); To express the essential nature of something.; To state the meaning of a word, phrase, sign, or symbol.; To describe, explain, or make definite and clear; used to request the listener or other person to elaborate or explain more clearly his or her intended meaning of a word or expression.; To demark sharply the outlines or limits of an area or concept.; To establish the referent of a term or notation.(n) A kind of macro in source code that replaces one text string with another wherever it occurs.
Defoe: (N) An English patronymic surname, from given names.; Daniel Defoe (c. 1659 to 1661 – 1731), English trader, writer, journalist and pamphleteer best known for writing Robinson Crusoe
deform: (aj) Having an unusual and unattractive shape; deformed, misshapen; hence, hideous, ugly.(v) To change the form of (something), usually thus making it disordered or irregular; to give (something) an abnormal or unusual shape.; To change the look of (something), usually thus making it imperfect or unattractive; to give (something) an abnormal or unusual appearance.; To mar the character or quality of (something).; To become changed in shape or misshapen.
defray: (v) To spend (money).; To pay or discharge (a debt, expense etc.); to meet (the cost of something).; To pay for (something).
deft: (aj) Quick and neat in action; skillful.
deftly: (av) In a deft manner; quickly and neatly in action.
defy: (v) To challenge (someone) or brave (a hazard or opposition).; To refuse to obey.; To not conform to or follow a pattern, set of rules or expectations.; To renounce or dissolve all bonds of affiance, faith, or obligation with; to reject, refuse, or renounce.(n) A challenge.
degas: (v) To remove the gas from.
degree: (n) A stage of proficiency or qualification in a course of study, now especially an award bestowed by a university or, in some countries, a college, as a certification of academic achievement. (In the United States, can include secondary schools.); A unit of measurement of angle equal to ¹⁄₃₆₀ of a circle's circumference.; A unit of measurement of temperature on any of several scales, such as Celsius or Fahrenheit.; The sum of the exponents of a term; the order of a polynomial.; The dimensionality of a field extension.; The number of edges that a vertex takes part in; a valency.; The number of logical connectives in a formula.; The curvature of a circular arc, expressed as the angle subtended by a fixed length of arc or chord.; A unit of measurement of latitude and longitude which together identify a location on the Earth's surface.; Any of the three stages (positive, comparative, superlative) in the comparison of an adjective or an adverb.; A step on a set of stairs; the rung of a ladder.; An individual step, or stage, in any process or scale of values.; A stage of rank or privilege; social standing.; A ‘step’ in genealogical descent.; One's relative state or experience; way, manner.; The amount that an entity possesses a certain property; relative intensity, extent.
degust: (v) To taste carefully to fully appreciate it.; To savour
dehorn: (v) To remove the horns from.
deice: (v) To remove the ice from something.; To lose its ice; to thaw.
deicer: (n) A chemical substance used to melt ice or snow deposited on roads, vehicles or other surfaces.
deific: (aj) divine, of or relating to a deity or deities
deify: (v) To make a god of (something or someone).; To treat as worthy of worship; to regard as a deity.
deign: (v) To condescend; to do despite a perceived affront to one's dignity.; To condescend to give; to do something.; To esteem worthy; to consider worth notice.
deigns: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of deign
deism: (n) A philosophical belief in the existence of a god (or goddess) knowable through human reason; especially, a belief in a creator god unaccompanied by any belief in supernatural phenomena or specific religious doctrines.; Belief in a god who ceased to intervene with existence after acting as the cause of the cosmos.
Deism: (n) A religious philosophy and movement that became prominent in England, France, and the United States in the 17th and 18th centuries. It rejects supernatural events (prophecy, miracles) and divine revelation prominent in organized religion, along with holy books and revealed religions that assert the existence of such things. Situated on a Neo-Platonic stratum of thought, it reckons with the existence of a benevolent, but distant creator deity, hence its name.
deist: (aj) of or relating to deism.(n) a person who believes in deism.
Deist: (n) Alternative spelling of deist
deity: (n) Synonym of divinity: the state, position, or fact of being a god.; A supernatural divine being; a god or goddess.
deject: (v) Make sad or dispirited.; To cast downward.; To debase or humble.(n) One who is lowly or abject.; A waste product.
dekko: (n) A look; a glance.
dekkoed: (v) plural of dekko
dekkoing: (v) plural of dekko
del: (n) The symbol ∇ used to denote the gradient operator.; the symbol ∂, in the context of a partial differential(n) a part, portion(v) abbreviation of delineavit as seen on published artwork, identifying the original artist. Commonly seen in books and articles on topics in natural history
Del: (N) A diminutive of the male given name Derek.
delate: (v) To carry; to convey.; To carry abroad; to spread; to make public.; To carry or bring against, as a charge; to inform against.; To carry on; to conduct.(v) Obsolete form of dilate.
delay: (n) A period of time before an event occurs; the act of delaying; procrastination; lingering inactivity.; An audio effects unit that introduces a controlled delay.; Synonym of promise (“object representing delayed result”); An amount of time provided on each move before one's clock starts to tick; a less common time control than increment.(v) To put off until a later time; to defer.; To retard; to stop, detain, or hinder, for a time.; To allay; to temper.(v) To dilute, temper.; To assuage, quench, allay.
Delay: (N) A surname.
delays: (n) plural of delay(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of delay
Delays: (N) plural of Delay
dele: (v) to delete(n) a sign signifying deletion
delete: (v) To remove, get rid of or erase, especially written or printed material, or data on a computer or other device.; To defeat or dominate.; To kill or murder.(n) A deletion.; A remainder of a music or video release.; Alternative letter-case form of Delete; The delete character (U+007F or %7F).
Delete: (n) A key that may be pressed to delete something (such as text or files) from a computer. The key also erase text from left to right, unlike the backspace key.
delft: (n) Alternative form of Delft (“style of earthenware”)(n) A delf; a mine, quarry, pit or ditch.
Delft: (N) A city in South Holland, Netherlands known for its production of blue and white pottery.; A municipality of South Holland, Netherlands.(n) A piece of blue and white earthenware produced in Delft, Netherlands.
Delhi: (N) A megacity and union territory of India, containing the national capital New Delhi.; A locale in North America; named for the city in India.; A census-designated place in Merced County, California.; A locale in North America; named for the city in India.; A town in Delaware County, New York.; A locale in North America; named for the city in India.; A village, the county seat of Delaware County, New York, located within the town of the same name.; A locale in North America; named for the city in India.; A community in Ontario.; A locale in North America; named for the city in India.; A town in Louisiana.; A locale in North America; named for the city in India.; A city in Iowa.; A locale in North America; named for the city in India.; A city in Minnesota.; A locale in North America; named for the city in India.; An unincorporated community in Illinois.; A locale in North America; named for the city in India.; An unincorporated community in Colorado.; A locale in North America; named for the city in India.; An unincorporated community in Georgia.; A locale in North America; named for the city in India.; An unincorporated community in Missouri.; A locale in North America; named for the city in India.; An unincorporated community in Texas.; A locale in North America; named for the city in India.; A ghost town in Wisconsin.(N) A county-level city in Haixi, Qinghai, China
deli: (n) A shop that sells cooked or prepared food ready for serving.; Food sold at a delicatessen.
Delian: (aj) Of or relating to the Greek island of Delos.
delict: (n) A wrongful act, analogous to a tort in common law.; The branch of law dealing in delicts.
dell: (n) A valley, especially in the form of a natural hollow, small and deep.(n) A young woman; a wench.
Dell: (N) A surname.; An unincorporated community in Montana, United States
Della: (N) A female given name originating as a coinage.
dells: (n) plural of dell
Delphi: (N) A city of ancient Greece, the site of the Delphic oracle; A city, the county seat of Carroll County, Indiana, United States.; A programming language dialect based on Pascal.; A method for obtaining consensus from a group of experts; see Delphi method in Wikipedia.
dels: (n) plural of del
Dels: (n) plural of Del
delta: (n) The fourth letter of the modern Greek alphabet Δ, δ.; A landform at the mouth of a river where it empties into a body of water.; The letter D in the ICAO spelling alphabet, which assigns words to letters of the alphabet.; The symbol Δ.; A small but noticeable effect. Compare epsilon.; The set of differences between two versions of a file.; A change in a quantity, likely from "d" for "difference".; The angle subtended at the center of a circular arc.; A type of cargo bike that has one wheel in front and two in back.; The closed figure produced by connecting three coils or circuits successively, end for end, especially in a three-phase system.; The rate of change in an option value with respect to the underlying asset's price.; A value in delta notation indicating the relative abundances of isotopes.; A military unit, nominally headed by a colonel, equivalent to a USAF operations wing, or an army regiment.; a star that is usually the fourth brightest of a constellation.; one of four baryons consisting of up and down quarks with a combined spin of 3/2: Δ⁺⁺ (uuu), Δ⁺ (uud), Δ⁰ (udd), or Δ⁻ (ddd); Short for delta variant. (variant of the SARS-CoV-2 virus)
Delta: (N) A census-designated place and unincorporated community in Clay County, Alabama.; A municipality of Minas Gerais, Brazil.; A municipality of British Columbia, Canada.; A city and home rule municipality, the county seat of Delta County, Colorado.; A municipality of Greece.; An unincorporated community in Saline County, Illinois.; A city in Keokuk County, Iowa.; An unincorporated community in Wayne County, Kentucky.; A village in Madison Parish, Louisiana.; A city in Cape Girardeau County, Missouri.; An unincorporated community in Stokes County, North Carolina.; A village in Fulton County, Ohio.; A village in Ontario, Canada.; A borough of York County, Pennsylvania.; A city in Millard County, Utah.; A town and unincorporated community in Bayfield County, Wisconsin.; A state in Nigeria(n) The Delta variant of COVID-19.
delude: (v) To deceive into believing something which is false; to lead into error; to dupe.; To frustrate or disappoint.
deluge: (n) A great flood or rain.; An overwhelming amount of something; anything that overwhelms or causes great destruction.; A damage control system on navy warships which is activated by excessive temperature within the Vertical Launching System.(v) To flood with water.; To overwhelm.
Deluge: (N) The Biblical flood taking place in the story of Noah in Genesis.
deluxe: (aj) Very fine in quality or luxurious.
delve: (v) To dig into the ground, especially with a shovel.; To search thoroughly and carefully for information, research, dig into, penetrate, fathom, trace out; To dig; to excavate.(n) A pit or den.
Delve: (N) A surname, from Old English.
delved: (v) simple past tense and past participle of delve
demain: (n) A demesne, especially the ancient demesne claimed by William the Conqueror.
demand: (n) The desire to purchase goods and services.; The amount of a good or service that consumers are willing to buy at a particular price.; A forceful claim for something.; A requirement.; An urgent request.; An order.; More precisely peak demand or peak load, a measure of the maximum power load of a utility's customer over a short period of time; the power load integrated over a specified time interval.(v) To request forcefully.; To claim a right to something.; To ask forcefully for information.; To require of someone.; To issue a summons to court.
demark: (v) To demarcate.
deme: (n) A township or other subdivision of ancient Attica.; A distinct local population of plants or animals.
demean: (v) To debase; to lower; to degrade.; To humble, humble oneself; to humiliate.; To mortify.(v) To manage; to conduct; to treat.; To conduct; to behave; to comport; followed by the reflexive pronoun.(n) Management; treatment.; Behavior; conduct; bearing; demeanor.(n) demesne.; resources; means.(v) To subtract the mean from (a value, or every observation in a dataset).
dement: (aj) insane, demented(n) An insane person, or one afflicted with dementia(v) To drive mad; to craze
Dement: (N) A surname.
demise: (n) The conveyance or transfer of an estate, either in fee for life or for years, most commonly the latter.; Transmission by formal act or conveyance to an heir or successor; transference; especially, the transfer or transmission of the crown or royal authority to a successor.; Death.; The end of something, in a negative sense; downfall.(v) To give.; To convey, as by will or lease.; To transmit by inheritance.; To pass by inheritance.; To die.
demit: (v) To let fall; to depress; to yield.; To relinquish an office, membership, authority, etc.; to resign, as from a Masonic lodge.(n) The act of demitting.; A document certifying that a person has (honourably) demitted, as from a Masonic lodge.
demo: (n) A demonstration or visual explanation.; A recording of a song meant to demonstrate its overall sound for the purpose of getting it published or recorded more fully.; An example of a product used for demonstration and then sold at a discount.; A march or gathering to make a political protest.; An edition of limited functionality to give the user an example of how the program works.; A non-interactive audiovisual computer program developed by enthusiasts to demonstrate the capabilities of the machine. See demoscene.; A democrat.; A demographic group.; Demolition.(v) To record a demo version of a song, usually not intended for commercial release.; To demonstrate.(v) To demolish (especially a house or fixture).
demob: (v) To demobilize; to release someone from military service.(n) Demobilization; release from military service.
demon: (n) An evil supernatural spirit.; An evil spirit resident in or working for Hell; a devil.; An evil supernatural spirit.; A false god or idol; a Satanic divinity.; An evil supernatural spirit.; A very wicked or malevolent person; also (in weakened sense) a mischievous person, especially a child.; An evil supernatural spirit.; A source (especially personified) of great evil or wickedness; a destructive feeling or character flaw.; An evil supernatural spirit.; A person's fears or anxieties.; A neutral supernatural spirit.; A person's inner spirit or genius; a guiding or creative impulse.; A neutral supernatural spirit.; A tutelary deity or spirit intermediate between the major Olympian gods and mankind, especially a deified hero or the entity which supposedly guided Socrates, telling him what not to do.; A neutral supernatural spirit.; A spirit not considered to be inherently evil; a (non-Christian) deity or supernatural being.; A neutral supernatural spirit.; A hypothetical entity with special abilities postulated for the sake of a thought experiment in philosophy or physics.; Someone with great strength, passion or skill for a particular activity, pursuit etc.; an enthusiast.; A form of patience (known as Canfield in the US).; Any of various hesperiid butterflies of the genera Notocrypta and Udaspes.
Demon: (N) A male given name from Ancient Greek.
demons: (n) plural of demon
demos: (n) An ancient subdivision of Attica; (now also) a Greek municipality, an administrative area covering a city or several villages together.; The ordinary citizens of an ancient Greek city-state; hence, the common populace of a state or district (especially a democratic one); the people.(n) plural of demo
demoses: (n) plural of demos
demote: (v) To lower the rank or status of.; To relegate.
dempt: (v) plural of deem
demur: (v) To linger; to stay; to tarry; To delay; to pause; to suspend proceedings or judgment in view of a doubt or difficulty; to hesitate; to put off the determination or conclusion of an affair.; To scruple or object; to take exception; to oppose; to balk; To interpose a demurrer.; To suspend judgment concerning; to doubt of or hesitate about; To cause delay to; to put off(n) Stop; pause; hesitation as to proceeding; suspense of decision or action; scruple.
demure: (aj) Quiet, modest, reserved, sober, or serious.; Affectedly modest, decorous, or serious; making a show of gravity.(v) To look demurely.
demy: (n) A printing paper size, 17½ inches by 22½ inches.; One holding a demyship, a kind of scholarship for Magdalen College, Oxford.; Junior scholar, specifically at Magdalen College, Oxford.
den: (n) A small cavern or hollow place in the side of a hill, or among rocks; especially, a cave used by a wild animal for shelter or concealment.; A squalid or wretched place; a haunt.; A comfortable room not used for formal entertaining.; Synonym of fort (“structure improvised from furniture, etc. for playing games.”); A narrow glen; a ravine; a dell.; A group of Cub Scouts of the same age who work on projects together.(v) To ensconce or hide oneself in (or as in) a den.(av) Pronunciation spelling of then, representing AAVE, Bermuda English.
Den: (N) A diminutive of the male given name Dennis.
denary: (n) An ancient coin, the denarius.(aj) Containing ten parts.; Based on the number ten.
dene: (n) a valley, especially the deep valley of a stream or rivulet(n) a sand dune by the seashore
Dene: (n) An Athabascan people of Canada, especially of the Northwest Territories and Nunavut.
Deneb: (N) A blue giant star in the constellation Cygnus; Alpha (α) Cygni. It forms one corner of the Summer Triangle. Deneb is one of the brightest stars in the night sky, and one of the most luminous stars known.
dengue: (n) An acute febrile disease of the (sub)tropics caused by the Dengue virus, a flavivirus, transmitted by Aedes mosquitoes, and characterized by high fever, rash, headache, and severe muscle and joint pain.
denial: (n) An assertion of untruth.; The negation in logic.; A refusal or failure to provide or grant something that is requested or desired.; Refusal to believe that a problem exists.; Refusal to admit responsibility for wrongdoing.; Negationism, denialism of historical facts or accepted interpretation.; A defense mechanism involving a refusal to accept the truth of a phenomenon or prospect.; A disownment or disavowal
denied: (v) simple past tense and past participle of deny
denier: (n) An old French coin worth one-twelfth of a sou.; A unit of linear density which indicates the fineness of fiber or yarn, equal to one gram per 9000 meters, used especially to measure or indicate the fineness of hosiery. Originally equal to the weight of a denier coin per 9600 aunes.(n) One who denies or forbids something.; One who denies the existence of something.
denies: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of deny
denim: (n) A textile often made of cotton with a distinct diagonal pattern.
denims: (n) Jeans made of denim.
denote: (v) To indicate; to mark.; To make overt.; To refer to literally; to convey as meaning.
dens: (n) plural of den(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of den.(n) A toothlike process projecting from the anterior end of the centrum of the axis vertebra on which the atlas vertebra rotates.
dense: (aj) Having relatively high density.; Compact; crowded together.; Thick; difficult to penetrate.; Opaque; allowing little light to pass through.; Obscure, or difficult to understand.; Being a subset of a topological space that approximates the space well. See Wikipedia article on dense sets for mathematical definition.; Slow to comprehend; of low intelligence.(n) A thicket.
denser: (aj) comparative form of dense: more dense
dent: (n) A shallow deformation in the surface of an object, produced by an impact.; A type of maize/corn with a relatively soft outer hull, and a soft type of starch that shrinks at maturity to leave an indentation in the surface of the kernel.; A sudden negative change, such as loss, damage, weakening, consumption or diminution, especially one produced by an external force, event or action(v) To impact something, producing a dent.; To develop a dent or dents.(n) A tooth, as of a card, a gear wheel, etc.; A slot or a wire in a reed
Dent: (N) A village and civil parish in South Lakeland district, Cumbria, England (OS grid ref SD7086).; A surname.
dental: (aj) Of or concerning the teeth.; Of or concerning dentistry.; Made with the tip of the tongue touching the upper front teeth or the alveolar ridge.(n) Cleaning and polishing of an animal's teeth.; A dental sound.
dented: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dent
dentil: (n) Any one of a series of small rectangular blocks projecting like teeth from a molding or beneath a cornice.
dents: (n) plural of dent(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dent
Dents: (N) plural of Dent
denude: (v) To divest of all covering; to make bare or naked; to strip.
Denver: (N) The capital and largest city of Colorado.; A town in Bremer County, Iowa.; A town in Miami County, Indiana.; A village in Worth County, Missouri.; A borough of Pennsylvania.; A community in Nova Scotia.; A town in Victoria, Australia.; A village and civil parish in King's Lynn and West Norfolk district, Norfolk, England (OS grid ref TF6101).; A English surname, from Old English.; A male given name transferred from the place name or surname.
deny: (v) To disallow or reject.; To assert that something is not true.; To refuse to give or grant something to someone.; To take something away from someone; to deprive of.; To prevent from scoring.; To disclaim connection with, responsibility for, etc.; to refuse to acknowledge; to disown; to abjure; to disavow.; To refuse (to do or accept something).
deodar: (n) Cedrus deodara, a type of cedar tree native to the western Himalayas.
depart: (v) To leave.; To set out on a journey.; To die.; To disappear, vanish; to cease to exist.; To deviate (from), be different (from), fail to conform.; To go away from; to leave.; To divide up; to distribute, share.; To separate, part.(n) Division; separation, as of compound substances.; A going away; departure.
depend: (v) To be contingent or conditioned; to have something as a necessary condition; to hinge on.; To trust; to have confidence; to rely.; To hang down; to be sustained by being fastened or attached to something above.; To be pending; to be undetermined or undecided.; To cause to be contingent or dependent on; to set as a necessity.
depict: (v) To render a representation of something, using words, sounds, images, or other means.(aj) Depicted.
deploy: (v) To prepare and arrange (usually military unit or units) for use.; To unfold, open, or otherwise become ready for use.; To install, test and implement a computer system or application.(n) deployment
depone: (v) To testify, especially in the form of a deposition.; To take the deposition of; to depose.; To lay, as a stake; to wager.; To lay down; to place
deport: (v) To comport (oneself); to behave.; To evict, especially from a country.
depose: (v) To put down; to lay down; to deposit; to lay aside; to put away.; To remove (a leader) from (high) office, without killing the incumbent.; To give evidence or testimony, especially in response to interrogation during a deposition; To interrogate and elicit testimony from during a deposition; typically done by a lawyer.; To take or swear an oath.; To testify; to bear witness; to claim; to assert; to affirm.
depot: (n) A storage facility, in particular, a warehouse.; A bus station or railway station.; A place where recruits are assembled before being sent to active units.; A place for the storage, servicing or upgrade of military hardware.; The portion of a regiment that remains at home when the rest go on foreign service.; The tableau; the area where cards can be arranged in solitaire or patience games.
depots: (n) plural of depot
depth: (n) the vertical distance below a surface; the degree to which something is deep; the distance between the front and the back, as the depth of a drawer or closet; the intensity, complexity, strength, seriousness or importance of an emotion, situation, etc.; lowness; the total palette of available colors; the property of appearing three-dimensional; the deepest part (usually of a body of water); a very remote part.; the most severe part; the number of simple elements which an abstract conception or notion includes; the comprehension or content; a pair of toothed wheels which work together; the perpendicular distance from the chord to the farthest point of an arched surface; the lower of the two ranks of a value in an ordered set of values
depths: (n) plural of depth(n) The deepest part. (Usually of a body of water.); A very remote part.; The lowest point, all-time low, nadir.; The most severe or involved period.
depute: (v) to assign (someone or something) to or for something; to delegate (a task, etc.) to a subordinate; to deputize (someone), appoint as deputy; to appoint; to assign; to choose(n) deputy
deputy: (n) One appointed as the substitute of others, and empowered to act for them, in their name or their behalf; a substitute in office; A person employed to install and remove props, brattices, etc. and to clear gas, for the safety of the miners.(v) to deputise
derail: (n) A device placed on railway tracks in order to cause a train to derail.; An instance of diverting a conversation or debate from its original topic.(v) To cause to come off the tracks.; To come off the tracks.; To deviate from the previous course or direction.; To cause to deviate from a set course or direction.
derby: (n) Any of several annual horse races.; Any organized race.; A bowler hat.; A local derby.
Derby: (N) A city and unitary authority in Derbyshire, in the East Midlands, England; formerly the county town.; A small town in Tasmania, Australia.; A town in Kimberley, Western Australia.; A locality in Langley district municipality, in southwestern British Columbia, Canada.; A community in Northumberland County, New Brunswick, Canada.; A small town in North West, South Africa.; A locality in Devon, England.; Various places in the United States:; A census-designated place in Adams County, Colorado, United States.; Various places in the United States:; A city in New Haven County, Connecticut.; Various places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Ford County, Illinois, United States.; Various places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Mountain Township, Saline County, Illinois, United States.; Various places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Union Township, Perry County, Indiana, United States.; Various places in the United States:; A tiny city in Lucas County, Iowa.; Various places in the United States:; A city in Sedgwick County, Kansas.; Various places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in St. Francois County, Missouri, United States.; Various places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Frio County, Texas, United States.; Various places in the United States:; A town in Orleans County, Vermont.; Various places in the United States:; An unincorporated community and coal town in Wise County, Virginia, United States.(n) A type of cheese made in Derby, England.
dere: (n) Hurt; harm; injury.(v) To hurt; harm; injure; wound.; To annoy, trouble, grieve.(av) Pronunciation spelling of there.(i) Pronunciation spelling of there.(n) Pronunciation spelling of there.(P) Pronunciation spelling of there.
deride: (v) To harshly mock; ridicule.
derive: (v) To obtain or receive (something) from something else.; To deduce (a conclusion) by reasoning.; To find the derivation of (a word or phrase).; To create (a compound) from another by means of a reaction.; To originate or stem (from).; To turn the course of (water, etc.); to divert and distribute into subordinate channels.
derma: (n) the inner layer of the skin; the dermis(n) a Jewish dish of roast or boiled seasoned meat and flour etc. in a casing, especially kishke
dermal: (aj) Of or pertaining to skin or integument (or other forms of tissue)(n) A body piercing consisting of an object positioned partially below and partially above the skin.
dermis: (n) The tissue of the skin underlying the epidermis.
derries: (n) plural of derry
derris: (n) A climbing leguminous plant of Southeast Asia and the southwest Pacific Islands, Derris elliptica, whose roots are a source of rotenone.
derrises: (n) plural of derris
derry: (n) dislike
Derry: (N) A city in northwestern Northern Ireland; also known as Londonderry.; One of the traditional counties in northwestern Northern Ireland; known as County Derry, or officially as County Londonderry.; A town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.; A borough of Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, United States.; A surname.; A male given name.
descry: (v) To announce a discovery: to disclose; to reveal.; To see, especially from afar; to discover (a distant or obscure object) by the eye; to espy; to discern or detect.
desert: (n) That which is deserved or merited; a just punishment or reward.(n) A barren area of land or desolate terrain, especially one with little water or vegetation; a wasteland.; Any barren place or situation.(aj) Usually of a place: abandoned, deserted, or uninhabited.(v) To leave (anything that depends on one's presence to survive, exist, or succeed), especially when contrary to a promise or obligation; to abandon; to forsake.; To leave one's duty or post, especially to leave a military or naval unit without permission.
desex: (v) To remove another's sexual characteristics or functions, often physical sterilization.
design: (n) A specification of an object or process, referring to requirements to be satisfied and thus conditions to be met for them to solve a problem.; A plan (with more or less detail) for the structure and functions of an artifact, building or system.; A pattern, as an element of a work of art or architecture.; The composition of a work of art.; Intention or plot.; Malicious or malevolent intention.; The shape or appearance given to an object, especially one that is intended to make it more attractive.; The art of designing(v) To plan and carry out (a picture, work of art, construction etc.).; To plan (to do something).; To assign, appoint (something to someone); to designate.; To mark out and exhibit; to designate; to indicate; to show; to point out; to appoint.; To manifest requirements to be satisfied by an object or process for them to solve a problem.
desire: (v) To want; to wish for earnestly.; To put a request to (someone); to entreat.; To want emotionally or sexually.; To express a wish for; to entreat; to request.; To require; to demand; to claim.; To miss; to regret.(n) Someone or something wished for.; Strong attraction, particularly romantic or sexual.; The feeling of desiring; an eager longing for something.; Motivation.
desist: (v) To cease to proceed or act; to stop (often with from).
desk: (n) A table, frame, or case, in past centuries usually with a sloping top but now usually with a flat top, for the use of writers and readers. It often has a drawer or repository underneath.; A reading table or lectern to support the book from which the liturgical service is read, differing from the pulpit from which the sermon is preached; also (especially in the United States), a pulpit. Hence, used symbolically for the clerical profession.; A department tasked with a particular topic or focus in certain types of businesses, such as newspapers and financial trading firms.; Short for mixing desk.(v) To shut up, as in a desk; to treasure.; To equip with a desk or desks.
desks: (n) plural of desk(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of desk
desman: (n) Either of two species, Desmana moschata or Galemys pyrenaicus, of aquatic or semi-aquatic insectivore of the mole family, Talpidae, found in Europe.
desmid: (n) Any of about 5000 species of mostly unicellular freshwater green algae belonging to the order Desmidiales.
desorb: (v) To remove (or be removed) from a surface onto which it was adsorbed or through which it was absorbed
despot: (n) A ruler with absolute power; a tyrant.; A title awarded to senior members of the imperial family in the late Byzantine Empire, and claimed by various independent or semi-autonomous rulers in the Balkans (12th to 15th centuries)
detach: (v) To take apart from; to take off.; To separate for a special object or use.; To come off something.
detail: (n) A part small enough to escape casual notice.; A profusion of details.; The small parts that can escape casual notice.; A part considered trivial enough to ignore.; A person's name, address and other personal information.; A temporary unit or assignment.; An individual feature, fact, or other item, considered separately from the whole of which it is a part.; A narrative which relates minute points; an account which dwells on particulars.; a selected portion of a painting(v) To explain in detail.; To clean carefully (particularly of road vehicles) (always pronounced. /ˈdiːteɪl/); to assign to a particular task
detain: (v) To keep someone from proceeding by holding them back or making claims on their attention.; To put under custody.; To keep back or from; to withhold.; To seize goods for official purposes.
detect: (v) to discover or find by careful search, examination, or probing(aj) Detected.
detent: (n) That which locks or unlocks a movement; a catch (stopping mechanism), pawl, or dog; especially, in clockwork, the catch which locks and unlocks the wheelwork in striking.(v) The action of creating a detent mechanism to lock or unlock movement.
deter: (v) To prevent something from happening.; To persuade someone not to do something; to discourage.; To distract someone from something.
Deter: (N) A surname, from German.
detest: (v) To dislike (someone or something) intensely; to loathe.; To witness against; to denounce; to condemn.
detour: (n) A diversion or deviation from one's original route.(v) To make a detour.; To direct or send on a detour.
deuce: (n) A card with two pips, one of four in a standard deck of playing cards.; A side of a die with two spots.; A cast of dice totalling two.; The number two.; A piece of excrement.; The number two.; A two-year prison sentence.; A hand gesture consisting of a raised index and middle fingers, a peace sign.; A tied game where either player can win by scoring two consecutive points.; A curveball.; A '32 Ford.; 2-barrel (twin choke) carburetors (in the phrase 3 deuces: an arrangement on a common intake manifold).; A table seating two diners.(n) The Devil, used in exclamations of confusion or anger.
deuced: (aj) Damned.(av) Damned.
deucing: (v) plural of deuce
deva: (n) A god in Vedic mythology, Hinduism and Buddhism.
devas: (n) plural of deva
devest: (v) To divest; to undress.; To take away, as an authority, title, etc., to deprive; to alienate, as an estate.; To be taken away, lost, or alienated, as a title or an estate.
Devi: (N) Shakti, the female aspect of the divine, as conceptualized by the Shakta tradition of Hinduism. She is the female counterpart without whom the male aspect, which represents consciousness or discrimination, remains impotent and void.; A title put at the end of any female deity's name within Hinduism (e.g. Lakshmi Devi, Saraswati Devi, Kali Devi).; A female given name from Sanskrit used in India.
device: (n) Any piece of equipment made for a particular purpose, especially a mechanical or electrical one.; A peripheral device; an item of hardware.; A project or scheme, often designed to deceive; a stratagem; an artifice.; An improvised explosive device, home-made bomb; A technique that an author or speaker uses to evoke an emotional response in the audience; a rhetorical device.; A motto, emblem, or other mark used to distinguish the bearer from others. A device differs from a badge or cognizance primarily as it is a personal distinction, and not a badge borne by members of the same house successively.; Power of devising; invention; contrivance.; An image used in whole or in part as a trademark or service mark.; An image or logo denoting official or proprietary authority or provenience.; A spectacle or show.; Opinion; decision.
devil: (N) The chief devil; Satan.(n) An evil creature, the objectification of a hostile and destructive force.; A fictional image of a man, usually red or orange in skin color; with a set of horns on his head, a pointed goatee and a long tail and carrying a pitchfork; that represents evil and portrayed to children in an effort to discourage bad behavior.; The bad part of the conscience; the opposite to the angel.; A wicked or naughty person, or one who harbors reckless, spirited energy, especially in a mischievous way; usually said of a young child.; A thing that is awkward or difficult to understand or do.; Hell.; A person, especially a man; used to express a particular opinion of him, usually in the phrases poor devil and lucky devil.; A printer's assistant. Also (India) "a poltergeist that haunts printing works".; A dust devil.; A barren, unproductive and unused area.; A dish, as a bone with the meat, broiled and excessively peppered; a grill with Cayenne pepper.; A machine for tearing or cutting rags, cotton, etc.; A Tasmanian devil.; An endurance event where riders who fall behind are periodically eliminated.(v) To make like a devil; to invest with the character of a devil.; To annoy or bother.; To work as a ‘devil’; to work for a lawyer or writer without fee or recognition.; To prepare (food) with spices, making it spicy:; To grill with cayenne pepper; to season highly in cooking, as with pepper.; To prepare (food) with spices, making it spicy:; To finely grind cooked ham or other meat with spices and condiments.; To prepare (food) with spices, making it spicy:; To prepare a sidedish of shelled halved boiled eggs to whose extracted yolks are added condiments and spices, which mixture then is placed into the halved whites to be served.
Devil: (N) The chief devil; Satan.
devils: (n) plural of devil(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of devil
Devis: (n) plural Devi
devise: (v) To use one’s intellect to plan or design (something).; To leave (property) in a will.; To form a scheme; to lay a plan; to contrive; to consider.; To plan or scheme for; to plot to obtain.; To imagine; to guess.(n) The act of leaving real property in a will.; Such a will, or a clause in such a will.; The real property left in such a will.; Design, devising.
devoid: (aj) Completely without; having none of.(v) To empty out; to remove.
devoir: (n) Duty, business; something that one must do.
devon: (n) A type of processed meat sausage.
Devon: (N) A county of England bordered by Cornwall, Somerset, Dorset, the Bristol Channel and the English Channel.; Any of a number of places in US and Canada.; A town in Alberta, Canada.; Any of a number of places in US and Canada.; A small rural community in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.; Any of a number of places in US and Canada.; A former town in New Brunswick, Canada, amalgamated in 1945 into the city of Fredericton.; Any of a number of places in US and Canada.; A village and neighborhood of Milford, Connecticut, United States.; Any of a number of places in US and Canada.; An unincorporated community in New Castle County, Delaware, United States.; Any of a number of places in US and Canada.; An unincorporated community in Bourbon County, Kansas, United States.; Any of a number of places in US and Canada.; A census-designated place in Chester, Pennsylvania, United States.; Any of a number of places in US and Canada.; An unincorporated community in Mingo County, West Virginia, United States.; A river in Nottinghamshire, England, tributary to the Trent.; An English earldom.; A male given name transferred from the place name, or a variant of Devin.; A female given name transferred from the place name, of modern American usage.; A surname.(n) One of a breed of hardy cattle originating in Devon, England.
devote: (v) to give one's time, focus one's efforts, commit oneself, etc. entirely for, on, or to a certain matter; to consign over; to doom; to execrate; to curse(aj) devoted; addicted; devout
devour: (v) To eat quickly, greedily, hungrily, or ravenously.; To rapidly destroy, engulf, or lay waste.; To take in avidly with the intellect or with one's gaze.; To absorb or engross the mind fully, especially in a destructive manner.
devout: (aj) Devoted to religion or to religious feelings and duties; pious; extremely religious.; Expressing devotion or piety.; Warmly devoted; hearty; sincere; earnest.(n) A devotee.; A devotional composition, or part of a composition; devotion.
dew: (n) Any moisture from the atmosphere condensed by cool bodies upon their surfaces.; Moisture in the air that settles on plants, etc in the morning or evening, resulting in drops.; An instance of such moisture settling on plants, etc.; Anything that falls lightly and in a refreshing manner.; An emblem of morning, or fresh vigour.(v) To wet with, or as if with, dew; to moisten.
Dew: (N) A surname.
dewan: (n) A holder of any of various offices in various (usually Islamic) countries, usually some sort of councillor.
dewar: (n) A vacuum flask; a vessel which keeps its contents hotter or cooler than their environment without the need to modify the pressure, by interposing an evacuated region to provide thermal insulation between the contents and the environment.
Dewar: (N) A surname, from Scottish Gaelic.; An unincorporated community in Black Hawk County, Iowa, United States.; A city in Okmulgee County, Oklahoma, United States.(n) A glass or metal double-walled flask for holding a liquid without much loss or gain of heat; a vacuum bottle or thermos. Generally used for scientific purposes and in particular for cryogenic work.
Dewey: (N) A surname, from Old French.; A male given name transferred from the surname, of 1890s American usage.
dewlap: (n) The pendulous skin under the neck of an ox, or a similar feature on any other animal.; The sagging flesh on the human throat of an old person.
dews: (n) plural of dew(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dew
Dews: (N) plural of Dew
dewy: (aj) Covered by dew.; Having the quality of bearing droplets of water.; Fresh and innocent.
dexter: (aj) Right; on the right-hand side.(n) The right side of a shield from the wearer's standpoint, and the left side to the viewer.; The right hand.
Dexter: (N) An occupational surname, from occupations for a female dyer.; Any of a number of places in the United States and Canada, named for persons with the surname.; A census-designated place in Lane County, Oregon, United States.; A male given name transferred from the surname.(n) One of a breed of small hardy cattle originating from the Kerry breed of Ireland, valuable for beef and milk. They are usually chiefly black, sometimes red, and somewhat resemble a small shorthorn in build.
dextro: (aj) Dextrorotatory.
dey: (n) A servant who has charge of the dairy; a dairymaid.(n) The ruler of the Regency of Algiers (now Algeria) under the Ottoman Empire.(P) Pronunciation spelling of they, representing dialects with th-stopping in English.; Pronunciation spelling of there, representing African American Vernacular English or Caribbean English.
Dey: (N) The tenth solar month of the Persian calendar.(N) A surname.
DG: (n) dirty girl; director-general.; dangerous goods.; dependency grammar; Guided-missile destroyer, a type of destroyer warship.
dharma: (n) The natural order of the universe; natural law, cosmic order.; One's obligation in respect to one's position in society, one's duty.; The teachings of the Buddha as one's personal path to enlightenment.; The teachings of the Buddha as a practice to be promulgated and taught.
Dharma: (n) Alternative form of dharma
dharna: (n) A sit-in.; A fast undertaken at the door of an offender, especially a debtor.
dhobi: (n) A laundryman or washerman, or laundrywoman or washerwoman, in India and Pakistan.
dhole: (n) An Asian wild dog, Cuon alpinus.
dhoti: (n) A long loincloth worn by men in India.; The cotton fabric used for such loincloths.
dhow: (n) A traditional sailing vessel used along the coasts of Arabia, East Africa, and the Indian Ocean, generally having a single mast and a lateen sail.
dhyana: (n) A type of profound meditation.
di: (i) A meaningless syllable used when singing a tune or indicating a rhythm.
Di: (N) A diminutive of the female given name Diana.(N) A surname, from Chinese.
DI: (n) Short for DI unit.
dI: (n) dwarf irregular galaxy
diable: (n) An unglazed earthenware casserole dish.(aj) Flavored with hot spices.
diacid: (n) Any dibasic acid
diadem: (n) An ornamental headband worn as a badge of royalty.; A crown.; Regal power; sovereignty; empire—considered as symbolized by the crown.; An arch rising from the rim of a crown (rarely also of a coronet), and uniting with others over its centre.(v) To adorn with a diadem; to crown.
dial: (n) A graduated, circular scale over which a needle moves to show a measurement (such as speed).; A clock face.; A sundial.; A panel on a radio etc showing wavelengths or channels; a knob that is turned to change the wavelength etc.; A disk with finger holes on a telephone; used to select the number to be called.; A person's face.; A miner's compass.(v) To control or select something with a dial, or (figuratively) as if with a dial.; To select a number, or to call someone, on a telephone.; To use a dial or a telephone.
Dial: (N) A surname.
Diana: (N) The daughter of Latona and Jupiter, and twin sister of Apollo; the goddess of the hunt, associated wild animals and the forest or wilderness, and an emblem of chastity; the Roman counterpart of Artemis.; 78 Diana, a main belt asteroid.; A female given name from Latin.(n) A Diana monkey.
diaper: (n) A textile fabric having a diamond-shaped pattern formed by alternating directions of thread.; A towel or napkin made from such fabric.; An absorbent garment worn by a baby, by a young child not yet toilet trained, or by an adult who is incontinent; a nappy.; The diamond pattern associated with diaper textiles.; Surface decoration of any sort which consists of the constant repetition of one or more simple figures or units of design evenly spaced.(v) To put diapers on someone.; To draw flowers or figures, as upon cloth.
diary: (n) A daily log of experiences, especially those of the writer.; A personal organizer or appointment diary.(aj) Lasting for one day.(v) To keep a diary or journal.
diatom: (n) Any of a group of minute unicellular algae having a siliceous covering of great delicacy, now categorized as class Diatomophyceae or division Bacillariophyta.
diazo: (aj) Containing a pair of double bonded nitrogen atoms, typically directly attached to an aryl group.(n) Any compound of this type.
diazoes: (n) plural of diazo
dib: (v) To dig a hole by poking; especially, to dig a small hole in soil for the purpose of planting a bulb or seed; To move in a rapid, cautious manner; especially, with movement like a mouse or rat.(n) A dibber (gardening tool); One of the small bones in the knee joints of sheep uniting the bones above and below the joints.(v) Alternative form of dyb
Dib: (N) A surname.
dibble: (n) A pointed implement used to make holes in the ground in which to set out plants or to plant seeds.(v) To make holes or plant seeds using, or as if using, a dibble.; To use a dibble; to make holes in the soil.; To dib or dip frequently, as in angling.(n) A police officer.; Preceded by the: the police.
Dibble: (N) A patronymic surname, from given names.
dibbuk: (n) Alternative form of dybbuk
dibbukkim: (n) plural of dibbuk
dibs: (n) The right to use or enjoy something exclusively or before anyone else.(i) Used to claim this right(v) To claim a temporary right to (something); to reserve.(n) A sweet preparation or treacle of grape juice, much used in the East.(n) plural of dib; A child's game, played with dib bones or stones, throwing them up from one's palm and catching them on the back of the hand.
Dibs: (N) plural of Dib
dicast: (n) A juror in ancient Athens.
dice: (n) Gaming with one or more dice.; A die.; That which has been diced.(n) plural of die(v) To play dice.; To cut into small cubes.; To ornament with squares, diamonds, or cubes.
Dice: (N) A surname.
diced: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dice
Dices: (N) plural of Dice
dich: (n) Obsolete form of ditch (“a trench”).(v) Obsolete form of ditch (“to dig a trench”).
dick: (n) A male person.; The penis.; A highly contemptible person; a jerk.; Absolutely nothing.; Sexual intercourse with a man.(v) To mistreat or take advantage of somebody (often with around or up).; To have sexual intercourse with.(n) A detective.(n) A declaration.(0) Ten, in Cumbrian sheep counting.
Dick: (N) A diminutive of the male given name Richard, also used as a formal given name.; A surname, from given names.
dicker: (v) To bargain, haggle or negotiate over a sale.; To barter.(n) A unit of measure, consisting of 10 of some object, particularly hides and skins.; A chaffering, barter, or exchange, of small wares.
dickey: (n) Alternative form of dicky(aj) Alternative form of dicky (“doubtful, troublesome, in poor condition”)
Dickey: (N) A diminutive of the male given name Richard.; A patronymic surname, from given names.; A small city in LaMoure County, North Dakota.
dicky: (n) A louse.; Dicky dirt = a shirt, meaning a shirt with a collar.; A detachable shirt front, collar or bib.; A hat, especially (in the US) a stiff hat or derby, and (in the UK) a straw hat.; A seat behind a carriage, for a servant.; A seat in a carriage, for the driver.; The luggage storage compartment of a sedan/saloon style car.; A leather apron for a gig, etc.; A small bird; a dicky-bird.; An insignificant sound or thing; dicky-bird.; A pilot.; A hedge sparrow.; A donkey.; A haddock.(aj) doubtful, troublesome; in poor condition(aj) like a dick, foolish or obnoxious
Dicky: (N) A diminutive of the male given name Richard.
dicot: (n) A plant whose seedlings have two cotyledons, a dicotyledon.
DICT: (N) A dictionary network protocol.
dicta: (n) plural of dictum
DICTED: (v) plural DICT
DICTING: (v) plural DICT
DICTS: (v) plural DICT
dictum: (n) An authoritative statement; a dogmatic saying; a maxim, an apothegm.; A judicial opinion expressed by judges on points that do not necessarily arise in the case, and are not involved in it.; The report of a judgment made by one of the judges who has given it.; An arbitrament or award.
did: (v) simple past tense of do; past participle of do
diddle: (n) In percussion, two consecutive notes played by the same hand (either RR or LL), similar to the drag, except that by convention diddles are played the same speed as the context in which they are placed.; The penis.(v) To cheat; to swindle.; To have sex with.; To masturbate (especially of women).; To waste time.; To totter, like a child learning to walk; to daddle.; To manipulate a value at the level of individual bits (binary digits).(i) A meaningless word used when singing a tune or indicating a rhythm.
didnt: (ab) Misspelling of didn't.
dido: (n) A fuss, a row.; A shrewd trick; an antic; a caper.(av) Misspelling of ditto.
Dido: (N) Founder and first Queen of Carthage.
didst: (v) second-person singular simple past form of do
die: (v) To stop living; to become dead; to undergo death.; followed by of; general use; To stop living; to become dead; to undergo death.; followed by from; general use, though somewhat more common in the context of medicine or the sciences; To stop living; to become dead; to undergo death.; followed by for; often expressing wider contextual motivations, though sometimes indicating direct causes; To stop living; to become dead; to undergo death.; followed by with as an indication of direct cause; To stop living; to become dead; to undergo death.; followed by to as an indication of direct cause (like from); To stop living; to become dead; to undergo death.; followed by with as an indication of manner; To (stop living and) undergo (a specified death).; To yearn intensely.; To be or become hated or utterly ignored or cut off, as if dead.; To become spiritually dead; to lose hope.; To be mortified or shocked by a situation.; To be so overcome with emotion or laughter as to be incapacitated.; To stop working, to break down or otherwise lose "vitality".; To abort, to terminate (as an error condition).; To expire at the end of the session of a legislature without having been brought to a vote.; To perish; to cease to exist; to become lost or extinct.; To sink; to faint; to pine; to languish, with weakness, discouragement, love, etc.; To become indifferent; to cease to be subject.; To disappear gradually in another surface, as where mouldings are lost in a sloped or curved face.; To become vapid, flat, or spiritless, as liquor.; To fail to evoke laughter from the audience.(n) The cubical part of a pedestal; a plinth.; A device for cutting into a specified shape.; A device used to cut an external screw thread. (Internal screw threads are cut with a tap.); A mold for forming metal or plastic objects.; An embossed device used in stamping coins and medals.; (plural also dice) An oblong chip fractured from a semiconductor wafer engineered to perform as an independent device or integrated circuit.; Any small cubical or square body.(n) An isohedral polyhedron, usually a cube, with numbers or symbols on each side and used in games of chance.; That which is, or might be, determined, by a throw of the die; hazard; chance.; (plural also dies) An oblong chip fractured from a semiconductor wafer engineered to perform as an independent device or integrated circuit.(n) Obsolete spelling of dye(v) Obsolete spelling of dye
died: (v) simple past tense and past participle of die
Dieppe: (N) A coastal town in the Seine-Maritime department, Normandy, France.; A city in New Brunswick, Canada
dies: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of die(n) plural of die (when used in the sense of a pattern)
Dies: (N) One of the Protogenoi, the Protogenos personification of day. She is the daughter of fellow Protogenoi, Nox/Nyx (Night) and Erebus (Darkness), and sister-wife of Aether. She is the Roman counterpart of Hemera.
diesel: (n) A fuel derived from petroleum (or other oils) but heavier than gasoline/petrol. Used to power diesel engines which burn this fuel using the heat produced when air is compressed.; A vehicle powered by a diesel engine.; A rider who has an even energy output, without bursts of speed.; Snakebite and black (a drink).; A particular cannabis hybrid.(v) To ignite a substance by using the heat generated by compression.; For a spark-ignition internal combustion engine to continue running after the electrical current to the spark plugs has been turned off. This occurs when there's enough heat in the combustion chamber to ignite the air and fuel mixture without a spark, the same way that heat and pressure cause ignition in a diesel engine.
dieses: (n) plural of diesis
diesis: (n) Any of several intervals, smaller than a tone, in ancient Greek music.; The double dagger sign (‡).
diet: (n) The food and beverage a person or animal consumes.; A controlled regimen of food and drink, as to gain or lose weight or otherwise influence health.; Any habitual intake or consumption.(aj) Containing less fat, salt, sugar, or calories than normal, or claimed to have such.; Having certain traits subtracted.(v) To regulate the food of (someone); to put on a diet.; To modify one's food and beverage intake so as to decrease or increase body weight or influence health.; To eat; to take one's meals.; To cause to take food; to feed.(n) A council or assembly of leaders; a formal deliberative assembly.; A session of exams; The proceedings under a criminal libel.; A clerical or ecclesiastical function in Scotland.
Diet: (N) Alternative letter-case form of diet (council or assembly of leaders; a formal deliberative assembly).
diets: (n) plural of diet(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of diet
differ: (v) Not to have the same traits or characteristics; to be unalike or distinct.; To have diverging opinions, disagree.; To be separated in quantity.(n) A program that diffs, a diff.
dig: (v) To move hard-packed earth out of the way, especially downward to make a hole with a shovel. Or to drill, or the like, through rocks, roads, or the like. More generally, to make any similar hole by moving material out of the way.; To get by digging; to take from the ground; often with up.; To take ore from its bed, in distinction from making excavations in search of ore.; To work like a digger; to study ploddingly and laboriously.; To investigate, to research, often followed by out or up.; To thrust; to poke.; To defend against an attack hit by the opposing team by successfully passing the ball(n) An archeological or paleontological investigation, or the site where such an investigation is taking place.; A plodding and laborious student.; A thrust; a poke.; A tool for digging.; A defensive pass of the ball that has been attacked by the opposing team.; An innings.; A cutting, sarcastic remark.; A rare or interesting vinyl record bought second-hand.(v) To understand.; To appreciate, or like.(n) Digoxin.
dIG: (n) dwarf irregular galaxy
digamy: (n) A second marriage (as after the death or divorce of a spouse)
digest: (v) To distribute or arrange methodically; to work over and classify; to reduce to portions for ready use or application.; To separate (the food) in its passage through the alimentary canal into the nutritive and nonnutritive elements; to prepare, by the action of the digestive juices, for conversion into blood; to convert into chyme.; To think over and arrange methodically in the mind; to reduce to a plan or method; to receive in the mind and consider carefully; to get an understanding of; to comprehend.; To bear comfortably or patiently; to be reconciled to; to brook.; To expose to a gentle heat in a boiler or matrass, as a preparation for chemical operations.; To undergo digestion.; To suppurate; to generate pus, as an ulcer.; To cause to suppurate, or generate pus, as an ulcer or wound.; To ripen; to mature.; To quieten or reduce (a negative feeling, such as anger or grief)(n) That which is digested; especially, that which is worked over, classified, and arranged under proper heads or titles; A compilation of statutes or decisions analytically arranged; a summary of laws.; Any collection of articles, as an Internet mailing list including a week's postings, or a magazine arranging a collection of writings.; The result of applying a hash function to a message.
digged: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dig
digger: (n) A large piece of machinery that digs holes or trenches.; A tool for digging.; A spade (playing card).; One who digs.; A gold miner, one who digs for gold.; An informal nickname for a friend; used as a term of endearment.; An Australian soldier.
Digger: (n) A soldier from Australia or New Zealand.; One of a group of Protestant English agrarian communists, begun by Gerrard Winstanley as "True Levellers" in 1649.; One of a degraded tribe of California Native Americans who dug up roots for food.
dight: (v) To deal with, handle.; To dispose, put (in a given state or condition).; To be formed or composed (of).; To dress, array; to adorn.; To make ready, prepare.(aj) Disposed; adorned.(av) Finely.
digit: (n) The whole numbers from 0 to 9 and the Arabic numerals representing them, which are combined to represent base-ten numbers.; A distinct symbol representing one of an arithmetic progression of numbers between 0 and the radix.; ¹⁄₁₂ the apparent diameter of the sun or moon, (chiefly) as a measure of the totality of an eclipse.; A unit of length notionally based upon the width of an adult human finger, standardized differently in various places and times, (especially) the English digit of ¹⁄₁₆ foot (about 1.9 cm).; Synonym of inch.; A narrow extremity of the human hand or foot: a finger, thumb, or toe.; Similar or similar-looking structures in other animals.; Synonym of degree: ¹⁄₃₆₀ of a circle.(v) To point at or point out with the finger.
digits: (n) plural of digit(n) A telephone number.
diglot: (n) A bilingual inscription, book, or person.(aj) Bilingual.
digs: (n) plural of dig(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dig(n) Lodgings; place of accommodation.; Clothes.
dIGs: (n) plural of dIG
dijon: (n) Dijon mustard, a prepared mustard containing white wine in place of vinegar; A dark yellow
Dijon: (N) The capital city of the Côte-d'Or department, Bourgogne-Franche-Comté, France.
dike: (n) Alternative form of dyke: ditch; embankment; waterway; etc.(v) Alternative form of dyke: to dig a ditch; to raise an earthwork; etc.(v) To be well dressed.(n) A well-dressed man.; Formalwear or other fashionable dress.(n) Alternative form of dyke: (slang, usually derogatory) a masculine woman; a lesbian.
Dike: (N) A topographic surname, from Middle English for someone living near a dike.(N) The goddess/personification of justice, order and judgement and one of the Horae. She is a daughter of Zeus and Themis, and her sisters are Eirene and Eunomia. Her Roman counterpart is Justitia.; 99 Dike, a main belt asteroid.; justice, order and judgement.
dikes: (n) plural of dike; Diagonal pliers.
dilate: (v) To enlarge; to make bigger.; To become wider or larger; to expand.; To speak largely and copiously; to dwell in narration; to enlarge; with "on" or "upon".; To use a dilator to widen (something, such as a vagina).
dildo: (n) An artificial phallus (penis) for sexual use.; An idiot, a bore.; Any device or implement.; A columnar cactaceous plant of the West Indies (Pilosocereus royenii).(v) To penetrate with a dildo or with another object as if it were a dildo.(i) A burden: a phrase or theme that recurs at the end of a verse of a folk song.
Dildo: (N) A small town on the island of Newfoundland, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
dill: (n) Anethum graveolens (the type species of the genus Anethum), a herb, the seeds of which are moderately warming, pungent, and aromatic, formerly used as a soothing medicine for children; also known as dillseed.; A cucumber pickled with dill flavoring.(v) To cook or flavor with dill(v) To still; to assuage; to calm; to soothe, as one in pain.
Dill: (N) A surname.
dilly: (aj) Redolent of dill (the herb).(n) Someone or something that is remarkable or unusual.(n) A dilly bag.(aj) Silly; characteristic of a dill.(n) A kind of stagecoach.; A night cart.
Dilly: (N) A surname, from French.
dilute: (v) To make thinner by adding solvent to a solution, especially by adding water.; To weaken, especially by adding a foreign substance.; To cause the value of individual shares or the stake of a shareholder to decrease by increasing the total number of shares.; To become attenuated, thin, or weak.(aj) Having a low concentration.; Weak; reduced in strength by dilution; diluted.; Of an animal: having a lighter-coloured coat than is usual.(n) An animal having a lighter-coloured coat than is usual.
dim: (aj) Not bright or colorful.; Not smart or intelligent.; Indistinct, hazy or unclear.; Disapproving, unfavorable: rarely used outside the phrase take a dim view of.; Clipping of diminished.(n) Dimness.(v) To make something less bright.; To become darker.; To render dim, obscure, or dark; to make less bright or distinct; To deprive of distinct vision; to hinder from seeing clearly, either by dazzling or clouding the eyes; to darken the senses or understanding of.
Dim: (N) A male given name.
dime: (n) A coin worth one-tenth of a U.S. dollar.; A coin worth one-tenth of a Canadian dollar.; A small amount of money.; An assist.; A playing card with the rank of ten.; Ten dollars.; A thousand dollars.; A measurement of illicit drugs (usually marijuana) sold in ten dollar bags.; A ten year prison sentence.; Payment responsibility; A beautiful woman (10 on a 10-point scale); A defensive formation with six defensive backs, one of whom is a dimeback.(v) To inform on, to turn in to the authorities, to rat on, especially anonymously.; To operate an audio amplifier (especially an electric guitar amplifier) at level "10" (typically the highest amplification level).
Dime: (N) An Omotic language, spoken by fewer than 10,000 speakers in Ethiopia.
dimer: (n) A molecule consisting of two identical halves, formed by joining two identical molecules, sometimes with a single atom acting as a bridge.
dimes: (n) plural of dime
dimity: (n) A light strong fabric with woven stripes or squares.(n) Alternative form of dimmity (“dusk, twilight”).
Dimity: (N) A female given name of modern usage.; A surname.
dimly: (av) In a dim manner; not clearly.
dimmed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dim
dimmer: (n) A rheostat that is used to vary the intensity of a domestic electric light; A switch used to select between the low and high headlamp beam on a road vehicle. (usually as "dimmer switch", primarily in North America; elsewhere "dipswitch" or "dipper switch")(aj) comparative form of dim: more dim
dimple: (n) A small depression or indentation in a surface.; Specifically, a small natural depression on the skin, especially on the face near the corners of the mouth.(v) To create a dimple in.; To create a dimple in one's face by smiling.; To form dimples; to sink into depressions or little inequalities.
dims: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dim
dimwit: (n) A person who is deficient in intelligence.
din: (n) A loud noise; a cacophony or loud commotion.(v) To make a din, to resound.; (of a place) To be filled with sound, to resound.; To assail (a person, the ears) with loud noise.; To repeat continuously, as though to the point of deafening or exhausting somebody.(n) Alternative spelling of deen (“religion, faith, religiosity”).
Din: (N) A surname, from Khmer.
Dinah: (N) A daughter of Jacob and Leah. (biblical character); A female given name from Hebrew of biblical origin. Alternative form of Dina.
dinar: (n) The official currency of several countries, including Algeria, Bahrain, Iraq, Jordan, Kuwait, Libya, North Macedonia, Serbia and Tunisia.; An ancient Arab gold coin of 65 grains in weight.
dinars: (n) plural of dinar
dine: (v) To eat; to eat dinner or supper.; To give a dinner to; to furnish with the chief meal; to feed.; To dine upon; to have to eat.(n) dinnertime
Dine: (N) A surname.; Alternative form of Diné
dined: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dine
diner: (n) One who dines.; A dining car in a railroad train.; A typically small restaurant, usually modeled after a railroad dining car, that serves lower-class fare, normally having a counter with stools along one side and booths on the other, and often decorated in 50s and 60s pop culture themes and playing popular music from those decades.
diners: (n) plural of diner
dines: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dine
Dines: (N) A surname.
ding: (n) Very minor damage, a small dent or chip.; A rejection.(v) To hit or strike.; To dash; to throw violently.; To inflict minor damage upon, especially by hitting or striking.; To fire or reject.; To deduct, as points, from (somebody), in the manner of a penalty; to penalize.; To mishit (a golf ball).(n) The high-pitched resonant sound of a bell.; The act of levelling up.(v) To make high-pitched sound like a bell.; To keep repeating; impress by reiteration, with reference to the monotonous striking of a bell.; To level up.(n) An ancient Chinese vessel with legs and a lid.
Ding: (N) A prefecture of imperial China within present-day Hebei under the Northern Wei, Sui, and Tang dynasties, with its seat at Dingzhou.; A county of Republican China in Hebei Province.(N) A surname.
dinge: (n) Dinginess.; A black person.(v) to strike, scourge, beat; indent, bruise, knock in; to flog, as in penance
dinghy: (n) A small open boat, propelled by oars or paddles, carried as a tender, lifeboat, or pleasure craft on a ship.; An inflatable rubber life raft.(v) To travel by dinghy.
dingied: (v) plural of dingy
dingle: (n) A small, narrow or enclosed, usually wooded valley.
Dingle: (N) A harbour town in County Kerry, Ireland, and the peninsula on which it stands.; An area in Liverpool, Merseyside, England (OS grid ref SJ3687).
dingo: (n) A wild dog native to Australia (Canis familiaris, Canis familiaris dingo, Canis dingo, or Canis lupus dingo).; A cowardly or otherwise despicable person.
dingoed: (v) plural of dingo
dingoing: (v) plural of dingo
dingus: (n) A gadget, device, or object whose name is either unknown, forgotten, or omitted for the purpose of humor.; A fool or incompetent person.; penis
Dingus: (N) A surname.
dingy: (aj) dark, dull; shabby, squalid, uncared-for(n) Alternative form of dinghy
dingying: (v) plural of dingy
dining: (n) Eating dinner as a social function.; Entertaining someone to dinner.(v) present participle of dine
dink: (n) A soft drop shot.; A light chip; a chipped pass or shot(v) To play a soft drop shot.; To chip lightly, to play a light chip shot.(n) A ride on the crossbar or handlebars of a bicycle.(v) To carry someone on a pushbike: behind, on the crossbar or on the handlebar.(n) A North Vietnamese soldier.(n) Double Income No Kids - a childless couple with two jobs.(aj) Honest, fair, true.; Genuine, proper, fair dinkum.(av) Honestly, truly.(n) Hard work, especially one's share of a task.; A soldier from Australia or New Zealand, a member of the ANZAC forces during the First World War.(n) A penis.; A foolish person, a despised person.(aj) Finely dressed, elegant; neat.(aj) Alternative spelling of dinq
DINK: (n) double income, no kids - a childless couple with two jobs and thus two incomes
dinker: (adj) plural of dink
dinkest: (adj) plural of dink
dinky: (aj) Tiny and cute; small and attractive.; Tiny and insignificant; small and undesirable.(n) A person in a relationship with double income and no kids
dinned: (v) simple past tense and past participle of din
dinner: (n) A midday meal (in a context in which the evening meal is called supper or tea).; The main meal of the day, often eaten in the evening.; An evening meal.; A meal given to an animal.; A formal meal for many people eaten for a special occasion.; The food provided or consumed at any such meal.(v) To eat a dinner; to dine.; To provide (someone) with a dinner; to dine.
dint: (n) A blow, stroke, especially dealt in a fight.; Force, power; especially in by dint of.; The mark left by a blow; an indentation or impression made by violence; a dent.(v) To dent.(ab) Pronunciation spelling of didn’t.
diode: (n) An electronic device that allows current to flow in one direction only; used chiefly as a rectifier.
dione: (n) diketone
Dione: (N) Mother of Aphrodite, and possibly the same as the goddess Rhea.; The fourth largest moon of Saturn.; A female given name from Ancient Greek.
dip: (n) A lower section of a road or geological feature.; Inclination downward; direction below a horizontal line; slope; pitch.; The action of dipping or plunging for a moment into a liquid.; A tank or trough where cattle or sheep are immersed in chemicals to kill parasites.; A dip stick.; A swim, usually a short swim to refresh.; A pickpocket.; A sauce for dipping.; The angle from horizontal of a planar geologic surface, such as a fault line.; A dipped candle.; A move in many different styles of partner dances, often performed at the end of a dance, in which the follower leans far to the side and is supported by the leader.; A gymnastic or bodybuilding exercise on parallel bars in which the performer, resting on his hands, lets his arms bend and his body sink until his chin is level with the bars, and then raises himself by straightening his arms.; The viscid exudation that is dipped out from incisions in the trees. Virgin dip is the runnings of the first year, yellow dip the runnings of subsequent years.; A sudden drop followed by a climb, usually to avoid obstacles or as the result of getting into an airhole.; The moist form of snuff tobacco.; The act of missing out on seeing a sought after bird.; Fried bread.; A financial asset in decline, seen as an investment opportunity.(v) To lower into a liquid.; To immerse oneself; to become plunged in a liquid; to sink.; (of a value or rate) To decrease slightly.; To lower a light's beam.; To lower (a flag), particularly a national ensign, to a partially hoisted position in order to render or to return a salute. While lowered, the flag is said to be “at the dip.” A flag being carried on a staff may be dipped by leaning it forward at an approximate angle of 45 degrees.; To treat cattle or sheep by immersion in chemical solution.; To use a dip stick to check oil level in an engine.; To consume snuff by placing a pinch behind the lip or under the tongue so that the active chemical constituents of the snuff may be absorbed into the system for their narcotic effect.; To immerse for baptism.; To wet, as if by immersing; to moisten.; To plunge or engage thoroughly in any affair.; To take out, by dipping a dipper, ladle, or other receptacle, into a fluid and removing a part; often with out.; To perform the action of plunging a dipper, ladle. etc. into a liquid or soft substance and removing a part.; To engage as a pledge; to mortgage.; To perform (a bow or curtsey) by inclining the body.; To incline downward from the plane of the horizon.; To perform a dip dance move (often phrased with the leader as the subject noun and the follower as the subject noun being dipped); To lower the body by bending the knees while keeping the body in an upright position, as in movement to the rhythm of music.; To leave.; To miss out on seeing a sought after bird.(n) A foolish person.(n) A diplomat.
diplex: (aj) Involving the transmission of two messages in the same direction at the same time.(v) Simulcast the same signal on two frequencies.; Combine two signals using two frequencies onto one cable.
dipody: (n) A unit of two metrical feet.
dipole: (n) Any object (such as a magnet, polar molecule or antenna) that is oppositely charged at two points (or poles).; Any molecule or radical that has delocalised positive and negative charges.; A dipole antenna.
dipper: (n) One who, or that which, dips (immerses something, or itself, into a liquid).; Any of various small passerine birds of the genus Cinclus that live near fast-flowing streams and feed along the bottom.; A cup-shaped vessel with a long handle, for dipping into and ladling out liquids; a ladle or scoop.; The control in a vehicle that switches between high-beam and low-beam (i.e. dips the lights), especially when used to signal other vehicles.; Any snack food intended to be dipped in sauce.; A pickpocket.; A person employed in a tin plate works to coat steel plates in molten tin by dipping them.; A person employed to assist a bather in and out of the sea.; A Baptist or Dunker.
Dipper: (N) Either the Big Dipper or the Little Dipper (in the singular, chiefly the Big Dipper).(N) A Chinese constellation located near Sagittarius, one of the 28 lunar mansions and part of the larger Black Turtle.(n) A member or supporter of the Canadian New Democratic Party.; Of or pertaining to the Canadian New Democratic Party or supporters thereof.
dippy: (aj) Lacking common sense.; Having romantic feelings for; excited or enthusiastic about.; Of an egg: cooked so that the yolk remains runny and can be used for dipping.; Involving or suited to dipping.
dips: (n) plural of dip(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dip
Dirac: (N) A surname of French derivation.
dire: (aj) Warning of bad consequences: ill-boding; portentous.; Requiring action to prevent bad consequences: urgent, pressing.; Expressing bad consequences: dreadful; dismal; Bad in quality, awful, terrible.
direct: (aj) Proceeding without deviation or interruption.; Straight; not crooked, oblique, or circuitous; leading by the short or shortest way to a point or end.; Straightforward; sincere.; Immediate; express; plain; unambiguous.; In the line of descent; not collateral.; In the direction of the general planetary motion, or from west to east; in the order of the signs; not retrograde; said of the motion of a celestial body.; Pertaining to, or effected immediately by, action of the people through their votes instead of through one or more representatives or delegates.; having a single flight number.(av) Directly.(v) To manage, control, steer.; To aim (something) at (something else).; To point out to or show (somebody) the right course or way; to guide, as by pointing out the way.; To point out to with authority; to instruct as a superior; to order.; To address (a letter) to a particular person or place.
direst: (aj) superlative form of dire: most dire
dirge: (n) A mournful poem or piece of music composed or performed as a memorial to a dead person.; A song or piece of music that is considered too slow, bland or boring.(v) To sing dirges
dirges: (n) plural of dirge
dirham: (n) A unit of currency used in the Arab world, currently the name of the currency of Morocco and the United Arab Emirates.; Alternative form of dirhem: a former Turkish unit of weight.
dirige: (n) A Roman Catholic service for the dead, being the first antiphon of matins for the dead, of which dirige is the first word; a dirge.
dirk: (n) A long Scottish dagger with a straight blade.; A penis; dork.; A socially unacceptable person; an oddball.(v) To stab with a dirk.; To darken.
Dirk: (N) A male given name from German or Dutch, equivalent to English Derek.
dirndl: (n) A traditional Alpine women's dress having a tight bodice and full skirt
dirt: (n) Soil or earth.; A stain or spot (on clothes etc); any foreign substance that worsens appearance.; Previously unknown facts, or the invented "facts", about a person.; Meanness; sordidness.; In placer mining, earth, gravel, etc., before washing.; freckles(v) To make foul or filthy; soil; befoul; dirty
dirty: (aj) Unclean; covered with or containing unpleasant substances such as dirt or grime.; That makes one unclean; corrupting, infecting.; Morally unclean; obscene or indecent, especially sexually.; Dishonourable; violating accepted standards or rules.; Corrupt, illegal, or improper.; Out of tune.; Of color, discolored by impurities.; Containing data needing to be written back to memory or disk.; Carrying illegal drugs among one's possessions or inside of one's bloodstream.; Used as an intensifier, especially in conjunction with "great".; Sleety; gusty; stormy.; Of an alcoholic beverage, especially a cocktail or mixed drink: served with the juice of olives.; Of food, indulgent in an unhealthy way.; Spreading harmful radiation over a wide area.; Having the undercarriage or flaps in the down position.(av) In a dirty manner.(v) To make (something) dirty.; To stain or tarnish (somebody) with dishonor.; To debase by distorting the real nature of (something).; To become soiled.
dis: (v) Alternative spelling of diss(n) Alternative form of diss(n) Any of a group of minor female deities in Scandinavian folklore.(d) This.(P) This.
Dis: (N) Hades.(N) plural of Di
DIS: (N) Distributed Interactive Simulation.; Defense Investigative Service; Walt Disney Company.
DIs: (n) plural of DI
dIs: (n) plural of dI
disarm: (v) To deprive of weapons; to deprive of the means of attack or defense; to render defenseless.; To deprive of the means or the disposition to harm; to render harmless or innocuous; To lay down arms; to stand down.; To reduce one's own military forces.; To disable the security systems on.(n) The act of depriving a person of a weapon they carry.
disbar: (v) To expel from the bar, or the legal profession; to deprive (an attorney, barrister, or counselor) of his or her status and privileges as such.; To exclude (a person) from something.
disbud: (v) To remove buds from a plant in order to promote growth and health in the remaining buds.; To remove horn-buds from a young calf, lamb or goat kid, to prevent growth of horns.
disc: (n) A thin, flat, circular plate or similar object.; An intervertebral disc.; Something resembling a disc.; A vinyl phonograph / gramophone record.; The flat surface of an organ, as a leaf, any flat, round growth.; Ellipsis of flying disc; Synonym of frisbee; generic name for the trademark Frisbee;(v) To harrow with a disc harrow.; To move towards, or operate at, zero blade pitch, orienting the propeller blades face-on to the oncoming airflow and maximising the drag generated by the propeller.
discs: (n) plural of disc
discus: (n) A round plate-like object that is thrown for sport.; The athletics sport of discus throwing.; A discus fish (genus Symphysodon); A chakram.
dish: (n) A vessel such as a plate for holding or serving food, often flat with a depressed region in the middle.; The contents of such a vessel.; A specific type of prepared food.; Tableware (including cutlery, etc, as well as crockery) that is to be or is being washed after being used to prepare, serve and eat a meal.; A type of antenna with a similar shape to a plate or bowl.; A sexually attractive person.; The state of being concave, like a dish, or the degree of such concavity.; A hollow place, as in a field.; The home plate.; A trough in which ore is measured.; That portion of the produce of a mine which is paid to the land owner or proprietor.; Gossip.(v) To put in a dish or dishes; serve, usually food.; To gossip; to relay information about the personal situation of another.; To make concave, or depress in the middle, like a dish.; To frustrate; to beat; to outwit or defeat.
dished: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dish(aj) Shaped like a dish; concave.
dishes: (n) plural of dish(n) Dishwashing(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dish
disk: (n) A thin, flat, circular plate or similar object.; Something resembling a disk.; An intervertebral disc; A vinyl phonograph/gramophone record.; Ellipsis of floppy disk - removable magnetic medium or a hard disk - fixed, persistent digital storage.; A disc - either a CD-ROM, an audio CD, a DVD or similar removable storage medium.; A type of harrow.; A ring- or cup-shaped enlargement of the flower receptacle or ovary that bears nectar or, less commonly, the stamens.(v) To harrow.; To move towards, or operate at, zero blade pitch, orienting the propeller blades face-on to the oncoming airstream and maximising the drag generated by the propeller.
disks: (n) plural of disk(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of disk
dismal: (aj) Disastrous, calamitous; Disappointingly inadequate.; Causing despair; gloomy and bleak.; Depressing, dreary, cheerless.
dismay: (v) To cause to feel apprehension; great sadness, or fear; to deprive of energy; To render lifeless; to subdue; to disquiet.; To take dismay or fright; to be filled with dismay.(n) A sudden or complete loss of courage and firmness in the face of trouble or danger; overwhelming and disabling terror; a sinking of the spirits; Condition fitted to dismay; ruin.
Disney: (N) A surname, from Old French.; The Walt Disney Company, named after Walt Disney.; Any of the theme parks and vacation resorts operated by Walt Disney Parks and Resorts.
disown: (v) To refuse to own, or to refuse to acknowledge one’s own.; To repudiate any connection to; to renounce.; To detach (a job or process) so that it can continue to run even when the user who launched it ends his/her login session.
dispel: (v) To drive away or cause to vanish by scattering.; To remove (fears, doubts, objections etc.) by proving them unjustified.(n) An act or instance of dispelling.
distal: (aj) Remote from the point of attachment or origin.; Facing the wisdom tooth or temporomandibular joint on the same side of the jaw.; Far or farther from the speaker.
distil: (v) To exude (a liquid) in small drops; also, to give off (a vapour) which condenses in small drops.; To impart (information, etc.) in small quantities; to infuse.; To heat (a substance, usually a liquid) so that a vapour is produced, and then to cool the vapour so that it condenses back into a liquid, either to purify the original substance or to obtain one of its components; to subject to distillation.; Followed by off or out: to expel (a volatile substance) from something by distillation.; To dissolve or melt (something).; To fall or trickle down in small drops; to exude, to ooze out; also, to come out as a vapour which condenses in small drops.; To flow or pass gently or slowly; hence (figuratively) to be manifested gently or gradually.; To drip or be wet with some liquid.; To turn into a vapour and then condense back into a liquid; to undergo or be produced by distillation.
disuse: (n) The state of not being used; neglect.(v) To cease the use of.; To disaccustom.
dit: (v) To stop up; block (an opening); close (compare Scots dit).; To close up.(n) A ditty, a little melody.; A word; a decree.(n) The spoken representation of a dot in radio and telegraph Morse code.(n) decimal digit(aj) Indicator of a declared surname originating from Canadian French.
ditch: (n) A trench; a long, shallow indentation, as for irrigation or drainage.; A raised bank of earth and the hedgerow on top.(v) To discard or abandon.; To deliberately crash-land an airplane on water.; To deliberately not attend classes; to play hookey.; To dig ditches.; To dig ditches around.; To throw into a ditch.(v) Alternative form of deech(n) Alternative form of deech
dite: (v) To prepare for use or action; to make ready.
dither: (v) To tremble, shake, or shiver with cold.; To be uncertain or unable to make a decision about doing something.; To do something nervously.; To render an approximation of (an image or graphic) by using dot patterns to simulate the appearance of colors or shades not in the system palette.; To intentionally add noise to a signal to randomize errors.(n) The state of being undecided.
dits: (n) plural of dit
dittit: (v) plural of dit
ditto: (n) That which was stated before, the aforesaid, the above, the same, likewise.; A duplicate or copy of a document, particularly one created by a spirit duplicator.; A copy; an imitation.; The ditto mark, 〃; a symbol, represented by two apostrophes, inverted commas, or quotation marks (" "), indicating that the item preceding is to be repeated.; A suit of clothes of the same colour throughout.(av) As said before, likewise.(v) To repeat the aforesaid, the earlier action etc.; To make a copy using a ditto machine.(i) Used as an expression of agreement with what another person has said, or to indicate that what they have said equally applies to the person being addressed.
ditty: (n) A short, simple verse or song.; A saying or utterance, especially one that is short and frequently repeated.(v) To sing; to warble a little tune.
diva: (n) Any female celebrity, usually a well known singer or actress.; A person who may be considered or who considers herself (or by extension himself) much more important than others, has high expectations of others and who is extremely demanding and fussy when it comes to personal privileges.
divan: (n) A Muslim council of state, specifically that of viziers of the Ottoman Empire that discussed and recommended new laws and law changes to a higher authority (the sultan).; The council chamber where this court is held; (by extension), any court of justice.; Any council or assembly.; A couch- or sofa-like piece of furniture made of a mattress lying against the wall and either on the floor or an elevated structure.; A smoking-room.; A collection of poems, especially one written by one author in Arabic or Persian.
divans: (n) plural of divan
dive: (v) To swim under water.; To jump into water head-first.; To jump headfirst toward the ground or into another substance.; To descend sharply or steeply.; To undertake with enthusiasm.; To deliberately fall down after a challenge, imitating being fouled, in the hope of getting one's opponent penalised.; To cause to descend, dunk; to plunge something into water.; To explore by diving; to plunge into.; To plunge or to go deeply into any subject, question, business, etc.; to penetrate; to explore.(n) A jump or plunge into water.; A headfirst jump toward the ground or into another substance.; A downward swooping motion.; A swim under water.; A decline.; A seedy bar, nightclub, etc.; Aerial descent with the nose pointed down.; A deliberate fall after a challenge.(n) plural of diva(n) Obsolete form of daeva.
dived: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dive (scuba diving); past participle of dive (jump head-first)
diver: (n) Someone who dives, especially as a sport.; Someone who works underwater; a frogman.; loon (bird); The New Zealand sand diver.; The long-finned sand diver.; A passenger carrying vehicle using an underground route; specially, a diver tram, one using the former Kingsway tramway subway (1906-1952).; pickpocket; A competitor in certain sports who is known to regularly imitate being fouled, with the purpose of getting his/her opponent penalised.
divers: (n) plural of diver(aj) Archaic spelling of diverse, in the sense of various or assorted.(P) An indefinite number (at least two).
divert: (v) To turn aside from a course.; To distract.; To entertain or amuse (by diverting the attention); To turn aside; to digress.
dives: (n) plural of dive(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dive
Dives: (N) The rich man in the biblical parable of the rich man and Lazarus.(n) A rich person who lives in luxury.
divest: (v) To strip, deprive, or dispossess (someone) of something (such as a right, passion, privilege, or prejudice).; To sell off or be rid of through sale, especially of a subsidiary.; To undress.
divide: (v) To split or separate (something) into two or more parts.; To share (something) by dividing it.; To calculate the number (the quotient) by which you must multiply one given number (the divisor) to produce a second given number (the dividend).; To be a divisor of.; To separate into two or more parts.; Of a cell, to reproduce by dividing.; To disunite in opinion or interest; to make discordant or hostile; to set at variance.; To break friendship; to fall out.; To have a share; to partake.; To vote, as in the British parliament and other legislatures, by the members separating themselves into two parties (as on opposite sides of the hall or in opposite lobbies), that is, the ayes dividing from the noes.; To mark divisions on; to graduate.; To play or sing in a florid style, or with variations.(n) A thing that divides.; An act of dividing.; A distancing between two people or things.; A large chasm, gorge, or ravine between two areas of land.; The topographical boundary dividing two adjacent catchment basins, such as a ridge or a crest.
divine: (aj) Of or pertaining to a god.; Eternal, holy, or otherwise godlike.; Of superhuman or surpassing excellence.; Beautiful, heavenly.; Foreboding; prescient.; immortal; elect or saved after death; Relating to divinity or theology.(n) One skilled in divinity; a theologian.; A minister of the gospel; a priest; a clergyman.; God or a god, particularly in its aspect as a transcendental concept.(v) To foretell (something), especially by the use of divination.; To guess or discover (something) through intuition or insight.; To search for (underground objects or water) using a divining rod.; To render divine; to deify.
Divine: (N) A surname.
diving: (v) present participle of dive(n) The action of the verb to dive in any sense.; The sport of jumping into water, often acrobatically.; Descending below the surface of the water to interact with the environment.; The act of pretending to be tripped or brought to the ground by an opposition player in order to secure a undeserved penalty.(aj) That or who dives or dive.
divot: (n) A torn-up piece of turf, especially by a golf club in making a stroke or by a horse's hoof.; A disruption in an otherwise smooth contour.(v) To tear up pieces of turf from, especially with a golf club in making a stroke.
divvier: (adj) plural of divvy
divviest: (adj) plural of divvy
divvy: (n) A dividend; a share or portion.(v) To divide into portions.(n) A foolish person.(aj) Divine; very pleasant, wonderful.
diwan: (n) Alternative form of dewan
dixie: (n) A large iron pot, used in the army.
Dixie: (N) The southern United States, especially the former Confederate States; the South.; The southwestern corner of Utah.; A female given name transferred from the place name.
dizen: (v) To dress with flax for spinning.; To dress with clothes; attire; deck; bedizen.; To dress showily; adorn; dress out.
dizzy: (aj) Having a sensation of whirling and of being giddy, unbalanced, or lightheaded.; Producing giddiness.; Empty-headed, scatterbrained or frivolous; ditzy.; simple, half-witted.(v) To make dizzy, to bewilder.(n) A distributor (device in internal combustion engine).
Dizzy: (N) Benjamin Disraeli (1804–1881), 1st Earl of Beaconsfield, and twice prime minister of the United Kingdom.
djebel: (n) Alternative spelling of jebel
do: (v) A syntactic marker.; A syntactic marker in a question whose main verb is not another auxiliary verb or be.; A syntactic marker.; A syntactic marker in negations with the indicative and imperative moods.; A syntactic marker.; A syntactic marker for emphasis with the indicative, imperative, and subjunctive moods.; A syntactic marker.; A syntactic marker that refers back to an earlier verb and allows the speaker to avoid repeating the verb; in most dialects, not used with auxiliaries such as be, though it can be in AAVE.; To perform; to execute.; To cause, make (someone) (do something).; To suffice.; To be reasonable or acceptable.; To have (as an effect).; To fare, perform (well or poorly).; To have as one's job.; To perform the tasks or actions associated with (something).; To cook.; To travel in, to tour, to make a circuit of.; To treat in a certain way.; To work for or on, by way of caring for, looking after, preparing, cleaning, keeping in order, etc.; To act or behave in a certain manner; to conduct oneself.; To spend (time) in jail. (See also do time); To impersonate or depict.; To copy or emulate the actions or behaviour that is associated with the person or thing mentioned.; To kill.; To deal with for good and all; to finish up; to undo; to ruin; to do for.; To punish for a misdemeanor.; To have sex with. (See also do it); To cheat or swindle.; To convert into a certain form; especially, to translate.; To finish.; To work as a domestic servant (with for).; Used to form the present progressive of verbs.; To cash or to advance money for, as a bill or note.; To make or provide.; To injure (one's own body part).; To take drugs.; To exist with a purpose or for a reason.(n) A party, celebration, social function.; A hairdo.; Something that can or should be done (usually in the phrase dos and don'ts).; Ado; bustle; stir; to-do; A period of confusion or argument.; A cheat; a swindler.; An act of swindling; a fraud or deception.(n) A syllable used in solfège to represent the first and eighth tonic of a major scale.(0) The cardinal number occurring after el and before do one in a duodecimal system. Written 10, decimal value 12.
DO: (n) a direct object; a Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine; dissolved oxygen
doable: (aj) Possible to do; feasible.; Worthy of sexual conquest.(n) Something that can be done; a possible or practical task.
doat: (v) Obsolete spelling of dote
dobbin: (n) An old jaded horse.; Sea gravel mixed with sand.; Synonym of horse (illegitimate study aid)
Dobbin: (N) A patronymic surname, from given names.; A pet name given to workhorses.
dobby: (n) A device in some looms that allows the weaving of small geometric patterns.; The patterns so woven, or the fabric containing the patterns.; An evil or mischievous fairy or ghost sometimes said to haunt a building or household.; A dotard.
Dobby: (N) A patronymic surname, from given names.
dobla: (n) A historical coin used in the Iberian peninsula.
doblas: (n) plural of dobla
doc: (n) A doctor.(n) A document, especially (in professional jargon) a piece of technical documentation or legal evidence.(n) A documentary.
Doc: (N) A nickname for a medical doctor, a person with an advanced educational degree, or a learned person.; A Doc Marten shoe.; A common form of address for combat medics, especially naval hospital corpsmen.
docent: (aj) Instructive; that teaches.(n) A teacher or lecturer at some universities (in central Europe, etc.); A tour guide at a museum, art gallery, historical site, etc.
docht: (v) plural of dow
docile: (aj) Ready to accept instruction or direction; obedient; subservient.; Yielding to control or supervision, direction, or management.
dock: (n) Any of the genus Rumex of coarse weedy plants with small green flowers related to buckwheat, especially bitter dock (Rumex obtusifolius), and used as potherbs and in folk medicine, especially in curing nettle rash.; A burdock plant, or the leaves of that plant.(n) The fleshy root of an animal's tail.; The part of the tail which remains after the tail has been docked.; The buttocks or anus.; A leather case to cover the clipped or cut tail of a horse.(v) To cut off a section of an animal's tail, to practise a caudectomy.; To reduce (wages); to deduct from.; To cut off, bar, or destroy.(n) A fixed structure attached to shore to which a vessel is secured when in port.; A structure attached to shore for loading and unloading vessels.; The body of water between two piers.; The place of arrival and departure of a train in a railway station.; A section of a hotel or restaurant.; A device designed as a base for holding a connected portable appliance such as a laptop computer (in this case, referred to as a docking station), or a mobile telephone, for providing the necessary electrical charge for its autonomy, or as a hardware extension for additional capabilities.; A toolbar that provides the user with a way of launching applications, and switching between running applications.; An act of docking; joining two things together.; Short for scene-dock.(v) To land at a harbour.; To join two moving items.; To engage in the sexual practice of docking (where the tip of one participant's penis is inserted into the foreskin of the other participant).; To drag a user interface element (such as a toolbar) to a position on screen where it snaps into place.; To place (an electronic device) in its dock.(n) Part of a courtroom where the accused sits.(v) To pierce with holes, as pricking pastry or dough with a fork to prevent excessive rising in the oven.
Dock: (N) A male given name or nickname.; A surname.
docked: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dock
docker: (n) One who performs docking, as of tails.(n) A dockworker.(n) One who engages in the sexual practice of docking (where the tip of one participant's penis is inserted into the foreskin of the other participant).
Docker: (N) A hamlet and civil parish (without a council) in South Lakeland district, Cumbria, England (originally in Westmorland) (OS grid ref SD5695).; A hamlet in Lancashire, England.; A small town in the Rural City of Wangaratta, Victoria, Australia.; A habitational surname from the place names.
docket: (n) A summary; a brief digest.; A short entry of the proceedings of a court; the register containing them; the office containing the register.; A schedule of cases awaiting action in a court.; An agenda of things to be done.; A ticket or label fixed to something, showing its contents or directions to its use.; A receipt.(v) To enter or inscribe in a docket, or list of causes for trial.; To label a parcel, etc.; To make a brief abstract of (a writing) and endorse it on the back of the paper, or to endorse the title or contents on the back of; to summarize.; To make a brief abstract of and inscribe in a book.
docks: (n) plural of dock(n) A collection of docks, wharves, warehouses and offices(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dock
docs: (n) plural of doc; documentation
Docs: (n) Dr. Martens boots.
doctor: (n) A physician; a member of the medical profession; one who is trained and licensed to heal the sick or injured. The final examination and qualification may award a doctor degree in which case the post-nominal letters are D.O., DPM, M.D., DMD, DDS, in the US or MBBS in the UK.; A person who has attained a doctorate, such as a Ph.D. or Th.D. or one of many other terminal degrees conferred by a college or university.; A veterinarian; a medical practitioner who treats non-human animals.; A nickname for a person who has special knowledge or talents to manipulate or arrange transactions.; A teacher; one skilled in a profession or a branch of knowledge; a learned man.; Any mechanical contrivance intended to remedy a difficulty or serve some purpose in an exigency.; A fish, the friar skate.; A ship's cook.(v) To act as a medical doctor to.; To act as a medical doctor.; To make (someone) into an (academic) doctor; to confer a doctorate upon.; To physically alter (medically or surgically) a living being in order to change growth or behavior.; To genetically alter an extant species.; To alter or make obscure, as with the intention to deceive, especially a document.; To adulterate, drug, or poison (drink).; To take medicine.
Doctor: (n) The title of an academic or medical doctor (a person who holds a doctorate); used before or instead of the doctor's name.
dodder: (v) To shake or tremble as one moves, especially as of old age or childhood; to totter.(n) Any of about 100-170 species of yellow, orange or red (rarely green) parasitic plants of the genus Cuscuta. Formerly treated as the only genus in the family Cuscutaceae, it is now placed in the morning glory family, Convolvulaceae.
Dodder: (N) A river in Ireland, a tributary of the Liffey.
dodge: (v) To avoid (something) by moving suddenly out of the way.; To avoid; to sidestep.; To go hither and thither.; To decrease the exposure for certain areas of an image in order to make them darker (compare burn).; To follow by dodging, or suddenly shifting from place to place.; To trick somebody.(n) An act of dodging.; A trick, evasion or wile. (Now mainly in the expression tax dodge.); A line of work.(aj) dodgy
Dodge: (N) A surname, from given names.; A placename; A village in Nebraska.; A placename; A city and village in North Dakota.; A placename; A census-designated place in Oklahoma.; A placename; A town in Wisconsin.; A brand of motor vehicle.
dodged: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dodge
dodgem: (n) A bumper car in an amusement park.
dodger: (n) Someone who dodges (avoids something by quickly moving).; A person full of tricks or street smarts.; A frame-supported canvas over the companionway (entrance) of a sailboat providing the on-deck crew partial cover from the splashes of the seas that break against the hull of the boat.; An advertising leaflet; a flyer.; Bread.
Dodger: (n) A member of the LA Dodgers US professional baseball team.
dodges: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dodge
Dodges: (n) plural of Dodge
dodo: (n) A large, flightless bird, †Raphus cucullatus, related to the pigeon, that is now extinct (since the 1600s) and was native to Mauritius.; A person or organisation which is very old or has very old-fashioned views or is not willing to change and adapt.(n) Fried plantain.
doe: (n) A female deer; also used of similar animals such as antelope, (less commonly goat as nanny is also used).; A female rabbit.; A female hare.; A female squirrel.; A female kangaroo.(v) Obsolete spelling of do(av) though
Doe: (N) A surname of English origin.
doen: (v) plural of do
doer: (n) Someone who does, performs, or executes; an active person, an agent.
doers: (n) plural of doer
does: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of do(n) plural of doe
Does: (N) plural of Doe
doest: (v) second-person singular simple present form of do
doeth: (v) third-person singular simple present indicative form of do
doff: (v) To remove or take off (something such as clothing).; To remove or tip a hat, as in greeting, salutation or as a mark of respect.; To get rid of, to throw off.; To strip; to divest; to undress.
doffed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of doff
dog: (n) A mammal, Canis familiaris or Canis lupus familiaris, that has been domesticated for thousands of years, of highly variable appearance due to human breeding.; Any member of the Family Canidae, including domestic dogs, wolves, coyotes, jackals, foxes, and their relatives (extant and extinct); canid.; A male dog, wolf or fox, as opposed to a bitch or vixen.; A dull, unattractive girl or woman.; A man (derived from definition 2).; A coward.; Someone who is morally reprehensible.; A sexually aggressive man.; Any of various mechanical devices for holding, gripping, or fastening something, particularly with a tooth-like projection.; A click or pallet adapted to engage the teeth of a ratchet wheel, to restrain the back action.; A metal support for logs in a fireplace.; The eighteenth Lenormand card.; A hot dog.; Underdog.; Foot.; (from "dog and bone") Phone or mobile phone.; One of the cones used to divide up a racetrack when training horses.; shortened form of dog meat.; Something that performs poorly.; That modification turned his Dodge hemi into a dog.; A flop; a film that performs poorly at the box office.(v) To pursue with the intent to catch.; To follow in an annoying or harassing way.; To fasten a hatch securely.; To watch, or participate, in sexual activity in a public place.; To intentionally restrict one's productivity as employee; to work at the slowest rate that goes unpunished.; To criticize.; To divide (a watch) with a comrade.
Dog: (N) The language supposedly spoken by dogs; The eleventh of the 12-year cycle of animals which appear in the Chinese zodiac related to the Chinese calendar.; Newcastle Brown Ale
doge: (n) The chief magistrate in the republics of Venice and Genoa.(n) A dog.; Specifically, a Shiba Inu, as in the doge meme.
dogged: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dog(aj) stubbornly persevering, steadfast(av) very
dogger: (n) A two-masted fishing vessel, used by the Dutch.(n) A participant in the sexual activity of dogging.(n) A sort of stone, found in the mines with the true alum rock, chiefly of silica and iron.(n) A wild dog trapper employed in the pastoral industry.
Dogger: (N) A sea area centred on the Dogger Bank; the name of a shipping forecast area.
doggie: (n) Alternative spelling of doggy
doggo: (av) Only used in lie doggo.(n) A dog.
doggy: (n) A dog, especially a small one.; Doggy style.; A junior temporarily assigned to do minor duties for a senior; a gofer.(aj) Doggy style.(av) Doggy style.(aj) Suggestive of or in the manner of a dog.; Fond of dogs.
dogie: (n) A motherless calf in a range herd of cattle; a calf separated from its cow.
dogleg: (n) Something (such as a canyon or road) with a sharp bend or turn in it.; A configuration of stairs where a flight ascends to a half-landing before turning 180 degrees and continuing upwards.; Something (such as a canyon or road) with a sharp bend or turn in it.; A sharp bend in the fairway before reaching a hole.; A single intersection consisting of two opposing T-junctions in close proximity; an intersection with a staggered cross street.(v) To bend in the shape of the hind leg of a dog, especially to turn and then turn back sharply to the original direction.
dogma: (n) An authoritative principle, belief or statement of opinion, especially one considered to be absolutely true and indisputable, regardless of evidence or without evidence to support it.; A doctrine (or set of doctrines) relating to matters such as morality and faith, set forth authoritatively by a religious organization or leader.
dogmas: (n) plural of dogma
dogs: (n) plural of dog(n) Feet, from rhyming slang dog's meat.; A greyhound racing event; the sport of greyhound racing.; Fasteners securing a watertight hatch.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dog
dogy: (n) Alternative spelling of dogie
doily: (n) A small ornamental piece of lace or linen or paper used to protect a surface from scratches by hard objects such as vases or bowls; or to decorate a plate of food.; A similar circular piece of lace worn as a head-covering by some Jewish women; An old kind of woollen material.
doing: (n) A deed or action, especially when somebody is held responsible for it.(v) present participle of do(i) The sound made by an elastic object when struck by or striking a hard object.
doings: (n) plural of doing; regular activities; social events; sewage.
doit: (n) A small Dutch coin, equivalent to one-eighth of a stiver.; A small amount; a bit, a jot.; In jazz music, a note that slides to an indefinite pitch chromatically upwards.(v) To stumble; to blunder.
doited: (aj) Afflicted with weak-mindedness, usually caused by senility
dol: (n) The unit of measurement for pain.
DOL: (N) Days of Life
Dol: (N) A township in Lop, Hotan prefecture, Xinjiang, China.
dolce: (n) A soft-toned organ stop.
Dolce: (N) A surname.
dole: (v) To distribute in small amounts; to share out small portions of a meager resource.(n) Money or other goods given as charity.; Distribution; dealing; apportionment.; Payment by the state to the unemployed.; A boundary; a landmark.; A void space left in tillage.(n) A Sorrow or grief; dolour.; Dolus.
Dole: (N) A surname.; Dole Food Company, a U.S. agricultural multinational corporation.; Dole Constituency, a parliamentary constituency in Zanzibar.; A commune in Jura department, Bourgogne-Franche-Comté, France.
doled: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dole
doll: (n) A toy in the form of a human.; An attractive young woman.; A term of endearment: darling, sweetheart.; A dollar.; A good-natured, cooperative or helpful girl.; The smallest or pet pig in a litter.; A kind of barrier used in horse racing.
Doll: (N) A diminutive of the female given name Dorothy.; A surname.
dollar: (n) Official designation for currency in some parts of the world, including Canada, the United States, Australia, New Zealand, Hong Kong, and elsewhere. Its symbol is $.; Money generally.; A quarter of a pound or one crown, historically minted as a coin of approximately the same size and composition as a then-contemporary dollar coin of the United States, and worth slightly more.; Imported from the United States, and paid for in U.S. dollars. (Note: distinguish "dollar wheat", North American farmers' slogan, meaning a market price of one dollar per bushel.)
Dollar: (N) A small town in Clackmannanshire council area, Scotland (OS grid ref NS9698); An unincorporated community in Coosa County, Alabama, United States.; A former community in Ontario, Canada, now part of the city of Markham.; A surname.
dollop: (n) A considerable lump, scoop, or quantity of something, especially soft food.(v) To apply haphazardly in generous lumps or scoops.; To dole out in a considerable quantity; to drip in a viscous form.
dolls: (n) plural of doll
dolly: (n) A doll.; A contrivance for stirring:; A disc with downward legs and a vertical handle, used for agitating laundry.; A contrivance for stirring:; A device turned on a vertical axis by a handle or a winch, giving a circular motion to ore being washed.; A tool with an indented head for shaping the head of a rivet.; In pile driving, a block interposed between the head of the pile and the ram of the driver.; A small truck with a single wide roller used for moving heavy beams, columns, etc., in bridge building.; A small truck without means of steering, to be slipped under a load.; A compact, narrow-gauge locomotive used for moving construction trains, switching, etc.; A specialized piece of film equipment resembling a little cart on which a camera is mounted.; A young woman, especially one who is frivolous or vapid.; A fashionable young woman, one who follows the latest music or clothing fashions.; A ball hit by a batsman such that it goes gently to a fielder for a simple catch.; A marker placed on the winning number by the dealer at roulette.(v) To hit a dolly.; To move (an object) using a dolly.; To wash (laundry) in a tub using the stirring device called a dolly.; To beat (red-hot metal) with a hammer.; To crush ore with a dolly.(aj) Pretty; attractive.; left-handed (also dolly-handed, dolly-pawed, dolly-posh)(n) An offering of fruit or flowers.
Dolly: (N) A diminutive of the female given names Dorothy or Dolores.(n) Ellipsis of Dolly Parton.; Ellipsis of Dolly Varden trout.
dolman: (n) A long, loose garment with narrow sleeves and an opening in the front, generally worn by Turks.; A short, close-fitting, heavily braided military jacket, usually worn under a pelisse, originally by hussars.; A woman's garment with wide capelike sleeves.
Dolman: (N) A surname.
dolmen: (n) A prehistoric megalithic tomb consisting of a capstone supported by two or more upright stones, most having originally been covered with earth or smaller stones to form a barrow.; More generally, any megalithic tomb, including passage graves and wedge tombs.
dolor: (n) Alternative spelling of dolour
dolt: (n) A stupid person; a blockhead or dullard.(v) To behave foolishly.
dom: (n) A dominator (in sadomasochistic sexual practices), especially a male one.(v) To dominate.(n) A title anciently given to the pope, and later to other church dignitaries and some monastic orders.(n) A title formerly borne by member of the high nobility of Portugal and Brazil
Dom: (N) A unisex given name, a form of Dominic or Dominique.(N) An Indo-Aryan ethnic group, living mainly in the Middle East and North Africa.
DOM: (n) 2,5-Dimethoxy-4-methylamphetamine, a psychedelic and a substituted amphetamine.
domain: (n) A geographic area owned or controlled by a single person or organization.; A field or sphere of activity, influence or expertise.; A group of related items, topics, or subjects.; The set of all possible mathematical entities (points) where a given function is defined.; The set of input (argument) values for which a function is defined.; A ring with no zero divisors; that is, in which no product of nonzero elements is zero.; An open and connected set in some topology. For example, the interval (0,1) as a subset of the real numbers.; Any DNS domain name, particularly one which has been delegated and has become representative of the delegated domain name and its subdomains.; A collection of DNS or DNS-like domain names consisting of a delegated domain name and all its subdomains.; A collection of information having to do with a domain, the computers named in the domain, and the network on which the computers named in the domain reside.; The collection of computers identified by a domain's domain names.; A small region of a magnetic material with a consistent magnetization direction.; Such a region used as a data storage element in a bubble memory.; A form of technical metadata that represent the type of a data item, its characteristics, name, and usage.; The highest rank in the classification of organisms, above kingdom; in the three-domain system, one of the taxa Bacteria, Archaea, or Eukaryota.; A folded section of a protein molecule that has a discrete function; the equivalent section of a chromosome
dome: (n) A structural element resembling the hollow upper half of a sphere.; Anything shaped like an upset bowl, often used as a cover.; A person's head.; head, oral sex; A building; a house; an edifice.; Any erection resembling the dome or cupola of a building, such as the upper part of a furnace, the vertical steam chamber on the top of a boiler, etc.; A prism formed by planes parallel to a lateral axis which meet above in a horizontal edge, like the roof of a house; also, one of the planes of such a form.(v) To give a domed shape to.; To shoot in the head.; To perform fellatio on.
Dome: (N) A surname.
domed: (aj) In the form of a dome.
domes: (n) plural of dome
Domes: (N) plural of Dome
domett: (n) A kind of baize with cotton warp and woollen weft.
domino: (n) A tile divided into two squares, each having 0 to 6 (or sometimes more) dots or pips (as in dice), used in the game of dominoes.; A country that is expected to react to events in a neighboring country, according to the domino effect.; A masquerade costume consisting of a hooded robe and a mask covering the upper part of the face.; The mask itself.; The person wearing the costume.; A polyomino made up of two squares.; A mistake in performing.(v) To collapse in the manner of dominoes.; To cause to collapse in the manner of dominoes.
don: (n) A university professor, particularly one at Oxford or Cambridge.; An employee of a university residence who lives among the student residents.; A mafia boss.; Any man, bloke, dude.(v) To put on clothing; to dress (oneself) in an article of personal attire.
Don: (N) A diminutive of the male given names Donald or Gordon.(N) A river, the fifth-longest in Europe, in Tula Oblast, Lipetsk Oblast, Voronezh Oblast, Volgograd Oblast and Rostov Oblast, Russia. It flows 1870 kilometers (1160 miles) to the Sea of Azov.(N) A river in Aberdeenshire council area, Scotland, flowing 62 miles to the North Sea at Aberdeen.; A river in South Yorkshire, England, on which Doncaster is situated.; A minor river in Tyne and Wear, England, which joins the Tyne at Jarrow.
DON: (n) dissolved organic nitrogen
Dona: (N) A surname.
Donas: (n) plural Dona
donate: (v) To make a donation; to give away something of value to support or contribute towards a cause or for the benefit of another.
Donate: (N) A surname, from Spanish.
done: (aj) Having completed or finished an activity.; Completed or finished.; Ready, fully cooked.; Being exhausted or fully spent.; Without hope or prospect of completion or success.; Fashionable, socially acceptable, tasteful.(v) past participle of do; simple past tense of do; did.; Used in forming the perfective aspect; have.; plural simple present of do(i) Expresses that a task has been completed.; Expresses agreement to and conclusion of a proposal, a set of terms, a sale, a request, etc.(n) Clipping of methadone.(n) Alternative form of dhoni
Done: (N) A surname.
donee: (n) Someone who receives a gift from a donor.
dong: (n) The currency of Vietnam, 100 xus. Symbol: ₫(n) A penis.; A dildo, specifically a synthetic anatomical replica of the penis.(n) Onomatopoeia for the ringing sound made by a bell with a low pitch.(v) Of a bell: to make a low-pitched ringing sound.(n) A submunicipal administrative unit of a city in North or South Korea.
Dong: (N) A surname.
donga: (n) A usually dry, eroded watercourse running only in times of heavy rain.(n) A transportable building with single rooms, often used on remote work sites or as tourist accommodation.
donjon: (n) The fortified tower of a motte or early castle; a keep.
donkey: (n) A domestic animal, Equus asinus asinus, similar to a horse.; A stubborn person.; A fool.; A small auxiliary engine.; A box or chest, especially a toolbox.; A bad poker player.
donna: (n) A lady, especially a noblewoman; the title given to a lady in Italy.
Donna: (N) A female given name from Italian.(N) A surname, from Italian.
Donne: (N) A surname, notably held by John Donne, English poet
donned: (v) simple past tense and past participle of don
Donnes: (n) plural Donne
donor: (n) One who makes a donation.; A group or molecule that donates either a radical, electrons or a moiety in a chemical reaction. Compare acceptor.
donors: (n) plural of donor
dons: (n) plural of don; plural of dom (title of Portuguese and Brazilian nobility)(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of don
Dons: (N) Aberdeen Football Club, a football club based in Aberdeen, Scotland.; Wimbledon Football Club, a defunct football club based in London.; AFC Wimbledon, a football club based in London, founded by the supporters of Wimbledon FC.; Milton Keynes Dons F.C., a football club based in Milton Keynes, England.
dont: (ab) Misspelling of don't.
doo: (n) feces(i) Used as a scat word in singing.
doodad: (n) Used to refer to something whose name one cannot recall: an unspecified device, gadget, part, or thing.
doodle: (n) A fool, a simpleton, a mindless person.; A small mindless sketch, etc.; Penis.(v) To draw or scribble aimlessly.; To drone like a bagpipe.(n) Any crossbreed of a poodle with a different breed of dog.
doolie: (n) Alternative form of dooly (“covered litter”)(n) A first-year student at the United States Air Force Academy; a cadet freshman.
doom: (n) Destiny, especially terrible.; An undesirable fate; an impending severe occurrence or danger that seems inevitable.; A feeling of danger, impending danger, darkness or despair.; A law.; A judgment or decision.; A sentence or penalty for illegal behaviour.; Death.; The Last Judgment; or, an artistic representation thereof.(v) To pronounce judgment or sentence on; to condemn.; To destine; to fix irrevocably the ill fate of.; To judge; to estimate or determine as a judge.; To ordain as a penalty; hence, to mulct or fine.; To assess a tax upon, by estimate or at discretion.
Doom: (N) A popular first-person shooter video game, often regarded as the progenitor of the genre.
DOOM: (N) Alternative form of Doom
doomed: (aj) Assured to suffer death, failure, or a similarly negative outcome.; Assured of any outcome, whether positive or negative; fated.(v) simple past tense and past participle of doom
dooms: (n) plural of doom(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of doom
door: (n) A portal of entry into a building, room, or vehicle, consisting of a rigid plane movable on a hinge. Doors are frequently made of wood or metal. May have a handle to help open and close, a latch to hold the door closed, and a lock that ensures the door cannot be opened without the key.; Any flap, etc. that opens like a door.; An entry point.; A means of approach or access.; A barrier.; A software mechanism by which a user can interact with a program running remotely on a bulletin board system. See BBS door.; The proceeds from entrance fees and/or ticket sales at a venue such as a bar or nightclub, especially in relation to portion paid to the entertainers. "The bar owner gives each band a percentage of the door and charges customers more to get in"(v) To cause a collision by opening the door of a vehicle in front of an oncoming cyclist or pedestrian.
doors: (n) plural of door(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of door
doos: (n) vagina; stupid person
dooses: (n) plural of doos
dope: (n) Any viscous liquid or paste, such as a lubricant, used in preparing a surface.; An absorbent material used to hold a liquid.; Any varnish used to coat a part, such as an airplane wing or a hot-air balloon in order to waterproof, strengthen, etc.; Any illicit or narcotic drug that produces euphoria or satisfies an addiction; particularly heroin.; Information, usually from an inside source, originally in horse racing and other sports.; Ballistic data on previously fired rounds, used to calculate the required hold over a target.; A stupid person.; Dessert topping.(v) To affect with drugs.; To treat with dope (lubricant, etc.).; To add a dopant such as arsenic to (a pure semiconductor such as silicon).; To use drugs; especially, to use prohibited performance-enhancing drugs in sporting competitions.; To judge or guess; to predict the result of.(aj) Amazing; cool.
dopey: (aj) Stupid, silly.
dor: (n) A large European dung beetle, Geotrupes stercorarius, that makes a droning noise while flying; Any flying insect which makes a loud humming noise, such as the June bug or a bumblebee(n) a trick, joke, or deception
Dor: (N) A surname.
dorado: (n) Coryphaena hippurus, the mahi-mahi or dolphin, a species of fish with a dorsal fin that runs the length of the body, also known for iridescent coloration.
Dorado: (N) A small constellation of the southern sky, said to resemble a goldfish or swordfish. It lies between the constellations Pictor and Reticulum, and is notable for containing most of the Large Magellanic Cloud.
Dorcas: (N) A woman who is said, in the Bible, to have been restored to life by Peter.; A female given name from Ancient Greek of biblical origin.; Used attributively of a ladies' association within the church in order to make and distribute clothes for the poor.(n) A member of a Dorcas association.(v) To do the work of a Dorcas; to make and distribute clothes to the poor.
dorian: (n) Archaic form of durian.
Dorian: (aj) Of or relating to the Dorians.(n) A member of the Dorians.(N) A male given name from Ancient Greek, famously used by Oscar Wilde in his novel The Picture of Dorian Gray (1891).; A female given name
Doric: (aj) Relating to the region of Doris in Asia Minor.; Relating to one of the Greek orders of architecture, distinguished by its simplicity and solidity.; Of or pertaining to the dialect of Scots spoken in the north east of Scotland.; Of or pertaining to the Ancient Greek dialect group once spoken in the north west of Greece.; Belonging to a certain mode of Ancient Greek music.(N) The Ancient Greek dialect group once spoken in northwestern Greece, southern Italy, and Sicily.; The Mid Northern or Northeast dialect of Lowland Scots spoken in the north east of Scotland.
Doris: (N) The daughter of Oceanus, who married Nereus and bore fifty sea-nymphs or nereids.; A region of Asia Minor inhabited by the ancient Dorians.; 48 Doris, a main belt asteroid.; A female given name from Ancient Greek, taken to regular use at the end of the 19th century.; A surname.; One's girlfriend, wife or significant other.(aj) gay
dorm: (n) Clipping of dormitory.(v) To reside in a dorm.
dormer: (n) A room-like, roofed projection from a sloping roof.; Ellipsis of dormer-window.(n) A resident of a dormitory.
Dormer: (N) A surname, from Irish.
dormie: (aj) In match play, leading the match by the same number of holes as remain to be played.
dorp: (n) A village or small town; a town considered provincial.
dorred: (v) plural of dor
dorring: (v) plural of dor
dors: (n) plural of dor
Dors: (N) plural of Dor
dorsad: (av) Toward the dorsal side.
dorsal: (aj) With respect to, or concerning the side in which the backbone is located, or the analogous side of an invertebrate.; Relating to the top surface of the foot or hand.; With respect to, or concerning the side in which the backbone is located, or the analogous side of an invertebrate.; Produced using the dorsum of the tongue.; Having only one sharp side.; Relating to the surface naturally inferior, as of a leaf.; Relating to the surface naturally superior, as of a creeping hepatic moss.(n) A hanging, usually of rich stuff, at the back of a throne, altar, etc.; Any of the longitudinal series of plates that encircle the body, excluding the ventral scales.; A sound produced using the dorsum of the tongue.
dorser: (n) Alternative form of dosser (a basket).
Dorset: (N) A maritime county of England bounded by Somerset, Wiltshire, Hampshire, Devon and the English Channel.
dorsum: (n) The back or dorsal region on the surface of an animal.; The back of the tongue, used for articulating dorsal consonants.; The back or dorsal region on the surface of an animal.; The top of the foot or the back of the hand.; A ridge on a hill, or on the surface of a planet or moon.; Theta Capricorni, a star on the back of the Goat.
dort: (n) A sulky or sullen mood; the sulks.(v) To become pettish; sulk.
Dort: (N) Synonym of Dordrecht, a city and municipality of South Holland, Netherlands; A surname.
dortier: (adj) plural of dorty
dortiest: (adj) plural of dorty
dorty: (aj) Dirty; unclean.
dory: (n) A small flat-bottomed boat with pointed or somewhat pointed ends, used for fishing both offshore and on rivers.(n) Any of several different families of large-eyed, silvery, deep-bodied, laterally compressed, and roughly discoid marine fish.(aj) Of a bright yellow or golden color.(n) A wooden pike or spear about three metres (ten feet) in length with a flat, leaf-shaped iron spearhead and a bronze butt-spike (called a sauroter), which was the main weapon of hoplites in Ancient Greece. It was usually not thrown but rather thrust at opponents with one hand.
Dory: (N) A surname.
dos: (n) plural of do(n) plural of do
DoS: (n) A denial-of-service attack.(v) To commit a denial-of-service attack against.(n) Director of Studies; someone in charge of the academic side of a school including training teachers and deciding course materials.
dosage: (n) The administration of a medication etc, in a measured amount; dosing.; The addition of a small measured amount of a substance to something, e.g. sugar to wine.; The measured amount so administered or added; the dose.
dose: (n) A measured portion of medicine taken at any one time.; The quantity of an agent (not always active) substance or radiation administered or experienced at any one time.; Anything disagreeable that must be taken. as in have one's fill.; A good measure or lengthy experience of something.; A venereal infection.(v) To administer a dose to.; To prescribe a dose.; To transmit a venereal disease.(n) Archaic form of doze.(v) Archaic form of doze.
dosed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dose
DoSed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of DoS
doses: (n) plural of dose(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dose
DoSes: (n) plural of DoS(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of DoS
doss: (v) To avoid work, shirk, etc.; To sleep in the open or in a derelict building because one is homeless(n) The avoidance of work.; An easy piece of work.; A place to sleep in; a bed.; Sleep.(aj) Useless or lazy. Generally combined with expletive noun, especially cunt.; Good, desirable.
Doss: (N) A surname.
DoSs: (n) plural of DoS
dossal: (n) Alternative form of dorsal (“a hanging or canopy”)
dosser: (n) Someone who dosses, someone known for avoiding work.; A homeless and jobless person.; One who lodges in a doss-house.(n) A pannier or basket.; A hanging tapestry; a dorsal.
dost: (v) second-person singular simple present form of do
Dost: (N) A surname, from German.
dot: (n) A small, round spot.; A punctuation mark used to indicate the end of a sentence or an abbreviated part of a word; a full stop; a period.; A point used as a diacritical mark above or below various letters of the Latin script, as in Ȧ, Ạ, Ḅ, Ḃ, Ċ.; A symbol used for separating the fractional part of a decimal number from the whole part, for indicating multiplication or a scalar product, or for various other purposes.; One of the two symbols used in Morse code.; A lump or clot.; Anything small and like a speck comparatively; a small portion or specimen.; A dot ball.; buckshot, projectile from a "dotty" or shotgun; Clipping of dotty (“shotgun”).(v) To cover with small spots (of some liquid).; To add a dot (the symbol) or dots to.; To mark by means of dots or small spots.; To mark or diversify with small detached objects.; To punch (a person).(p) Dot product of the previous vector and the following vector.(n) A dowry.
Dot: (N) A diminutive of the female given name Dorothy
DOT: (n) A weapon or ability that deals damage over time as opposed to or in addition to direct damage.
dotage: (n) Decline in judgment and other cognitive functions, associated with aging; senility.; Fondness or attentiveness, especially to an excessive degree.; Foolish utterance(s); drivel.
dotard: (n) An old person with impaired intellect; one in his or her dotage.; One who dotes on another, showing excessive fondness.
dote: (v) To be weakly or foolishly fond of somebody.; To act in a foolish manner; to be senile.(n) A darling, a cutie.; An imbecile; a dotard.
doted: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dote(aj) stupid; foolish; half-rotten
dotes: (n) plural of dote(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dote
doth: (v) third-person singular simple present indicative form of do
doting: (v) present participle of dote(aj) Characterized by giving love and affection.(n) Excessive fondness; reverence.
dots: (n) plural of dot(n) A punctuation mark consisting of three dots, indicating an omission of some text or a sentence which wasn't fully finished, an ellipsis.(n) Alternative form of dotty (“shotgun”)(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dot
DOTs: (n) plural of DOT
dotted: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dot(aj) Made up of a series of dots.; That contains dots.; With a dot after, increasing the value of the duration by half of the basic note.; Covered with irregularly scattered objects.
dottle: (n) A plug or tap of a vessel.; A small rounded lump or mass.; The still burning or wholly burnt tobacco plug in a pipe.; A baby's dummy, pacifier.(aj) Stupid or senile.(n) A dotard.
dottler: (adj) plural of dottle
dottlest: (adj) plural of dottle
dotty: (aj) Mildly insane or eccentric; often, senile.; Having an unsteady gait.(aj) Having many dots.(n) A shotgun.
Dotty: (N) A diminutive of the female given name Dorothy, also spelled Dottie.
Douai: (N) A commune in Nord department, Hauts-de-France, northern France.
double: (aj) Made up of two matching or complementary elements.; Of twice the quantity.; Of a family relationship, related on both the maternal and paternal sides of a family.; Designed for two users.; Folded in two; composed of two layers.; Stooping; bent over.; Having two aspects; ambiguous.; False, deceitful, or hypocritical.; Of flowers, having more than the normal number of petals.; Of an instrument, sounding an octave lower.; Of time, twice as fast.(av) Twice over; twofold; doubly.; Two together; two at a time. (especially in see double)(n) Twice the number, amount, size, etc.; A person who resembles and stands in for another person, often for safety purposes; A drink with two portions of alcohol.; A ghostly apparition of a living person; a doppelgänger.; A sharp turn, especially a return on one's own tracks.; A redundant item for which an identical item already exists.; A two-base hit.; A call that increases certain scoring points if the last preceding bid becomes the contract.; A strike in which the object ball is struck so as to make it rebound against the cushion to an opposite pocket.; A bet on two horses in different races in which any winnings from the first race are placed on the horse in the later race.; The narrow outermost ring on a dartboard.; A hit on this ring.; A tile that has the same value (i.e., the same number of pips) on both sides.; A double-precision floating-point number.; Two competitions, usually one league and one cup, won by the same team in a single season.; A boat for two scullers.; The feat of scoring twice in one game.; The feat of winning two events in a single meet or competition.; A former French coin worth one-sixth of a sou.; A copper coin worth one-eighth of a penny.; Playing the same part on two instruments, alternately.; A double feast.; Synonym of double-quick (“fast marching pace”)(v) To multiply by two.; To increase by 100%, to become twice as large in size.; To be the double of; to exceed by twofold; to contain or be worth twice as much as.; To fold over so as to make two folds.; (sometimes followed by up) To clench (a fist).; To get a two-base hit.; (often followed by together or up) To join or couple.; To repeat exactly; copy.; To serve a second role or have a second purpose.; To act as substitute for (another theatrical performer in a certain role, etc).; To play (both one part and another, in the same play, etc).; To turn sharply, following a winding course.; To sail around (a headland or other point).; To duplicate (a part) either in unison or at the octave above or below it.; To be capable of performing (upon an additional instrument).; To make a call that will double certain scoring points if the preceding bid becomes the contract.; To double down.; To cause (a ball) to rebound from a cushion before entering the pocket.; To go or march at twice the normal speed.; To multiply the strength or effect of by two.; To unite, as ranks or files, so as to form one from each two.; To transmit simultaneously on the same channel as another station, either unintentionally or deliberately, causing interference.; To operate as a double agent.
Double: (N) A surname.(n) Collectively, both the Indianapolis 500, a day race, and the Coca-Cola 600, an evening race, both of which are run on Memorial Day weekend Sunday. Used concerning racers who (wish[/ed/ing] to) participat[e/ed/ing] in both events, typically using a private jet to travel between Indianapolis, Indiana, after the 500 and Charlotte, North Carolina, to get to the 600.
doubly: (av) In a double manner; with twice the severity or degree.; In two ways; with duplicity
Doubs: (N) A river running through Switzerland and France, a tributary of the Saône.; A department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté, France. Capital: Besançon.
doubt: (v) To be undecided about; to lack confidence in; to disbelieve, to question.; To harbour suspicion about; suspect.; To anticipate with dread or fear; to apprehend.; To fill with fear; to affright.; To dread, to fear.(n) Disbelief or uncertainty (about something); (countable) a particular instance of such disbelief or uncertainty.; A point of uncertainty; a query.
doubts: (n) plural of doubt(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of doubt
douce: (aj) Sweet; nice; pleasant.; Serious and quiet; steady, not flighty or casual; sober.
doucer: (adj) plural of douce
doucest: (adj) plural of douce
douche: (n) A jet or current of water or vapour directed upon some part of the body to benefit it medicinally; in particular, such a jet directed at the vagina for vaginal irrigation.; Something that produces the jet or current in the previous sense, such as a syringe.; A jet or spray of any liquid.; Ellipsis of douchebag: A contemptible person; a worthless, brainless or disgusting person.(v) To administer a douche to; to shower; to douse; To use a douche.
dough: (n) A thick, malleable substance made by mixing flour with other ingredients such as water, eggs, and/or butter, that is made into a particular form and then baked.; Money.(v) To make into dough.
doughy: (aj) Having the characteristics of dough especially in appearance or consistency: as; pale and flabby; Having the characteristics of dough especially in appearance or consistency: as; soft and heavy(n) A baker.
Douma: (N) A surname.
Doumas: (n) plural Douma
dour: (aj) Stern, harsh and forbidding.; Unyielding and obstinate.; Expressing gloom or melancholy; sullen, gloomy
doura: (n) A kind of sorghum.
douras: (n) plural of doura
Douro: (N) A river in northern Spain and Portugal.
douse: (v) To plunge suddenly into water; to duck; to immerse.; To fall suddenly into water.; To put out; to extinguish.(n) A sudden plunging into water.(v) To strike, beat, or thrash.; To strike or lower in haste; to slacken suddenly(n) A blow or strike, especially to the face.
Douse: (N) A surname.
douter: (n) An extinguisher for candles.
dove: (n) A pigeon, especially one smaller in size; a bird (often arbitrarily called either a pigeon or a dove or both) of more than 300 species of the family Columbidae.; A person favouring conciliation and negotiation rather than conflict.; Term of endearment for one regarded as pure and gentle.; A greyish, bluish, pinkish colour like that of the bird.; Short for love dove (“tablet of the drug ecstasy”).(v) Strong simple past tense of dive; past participle of dive
Dove: (N) A constellation in the Southern Hemisphere near Caelum and Puppis; A river in England, forming the boundary between Derbyshire and Staffordshire.; A surname.
doved: (v) plural of dove
Dover: (N) A town and major port in Kent, England, the closest point to France.; A sea area between this port and France.; A local government district of Kent, including this port.; The capital city of Delaware, United States, and the county seat of Kent County.; A town in Tasmania, Australia.; A neighborhood of Calgary, Alberta, Canada.; A small incorporated village in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.; An unincorporated community in Guysborough County, Nova Scotia, Canada.; A neighborhood of Singapore.; A town in Pope County, Arkansas.; An unincorporated CDP in Hillsborough County, Florida.; An unincorporated community in Screven County, Georgia.; A tiny city in Bonner County, Idaho.; A village in Bureau County, Illinois.; An unincorporated community in Dearborn County, Indiana.; An unincorporated community in Shawnee County, Kansas.; A tiny home rule city in Mason County, Kentucky.; A former town in Piscataquis County, Maine, now Dover-Foxcroft, Maine.; A town in Norfolk County, Massachusetts.; A tiny city in Olmsted County, Minnesota.; A village in Lafayette County, Missouri.; A city, the county seat of Strafford County, New Hampshire, United States.; A town in Morris County, New Jersey.; A town in Dutchess County, New York.; A small town in Craven County, North Carolina.; A city in Tuscarawas County, Ohio.; A small town in Kingfisher County, Oklahoma.; A borough of York County, Pennsylvania.; A small town, the county seat of Stewart County, Tennessee.; A ghost town in Sanpete County, Utah.; A town in Windham County, Vermont.; An unincorporated community in Loudoun County, Virginia.; A small town in Buffalo County, Wisconsin.; An unincorporated community in Price County, Wisconsin.; A town in Racine County, Wisconsin.; A surname.
Dovered: (v) plural Dover
Dovering: (v) plural Dover
Dovers: (v) plural Dover
doves: (n) plural of dove
doving: (v) plural of dove
dow: (v) To be worth.; To be of use, have value.; To have the strength for, to be able to.; To thrive, prosper.(v) To furnish with a dower; to endow.(n) Alternative form of dhow (“sailing vessel”)(n) Obsolete form of dove (“pigeon”).
Dow: (N) A male given name; A surname, from given names.; Dow Jones Average
dowdy: (aj) Plain and unfashionable in style or dress.; Lacking stylishness or neatness; shabby.(n) A plain or shabby person.(v) To press the crust into the filling during baking, to allow the juices to caramelize on top.
Dowdy: (N) A surname, from Irish.
dowel: (n) A pin, or block, of wood or metal, fitting into holes in the abutting portions of two pieces, and being partly in one piece and partly in the other, to keep them in their proper relative position.; A wooden rod, as one to make short pins from.; A piece of wood or similar material fitted into a surface not suitable for fastening so that other pieces may be fastened to it.(v) To fasten together with dowels.; To furnish with dowels.
dower: (n) The part of or interest in a deceased husband's property provided to his widow, usually in the form of a life estate.; Property given by a groom directly to his bride at or before their wedding in order to legitimize the marriage; dowry.; That with which one is gifted or endowed; endowment; gift.(v) To give a dower or dowry.; To endow.
Dower: (N) A surname.
dowery: (n) Alternative form of dowry
down: (av) From a higher position to a lower one; downwards.; As a down payment; On paper (or in a durable record); South (as south is at the bottom of typical maps).; Away from the city (regardless of direction).; At or towards any place that is visualised as 'down' by virtue of local features or local convention, or arbitrarily, irrespective of direction or elevation change.; Towards the opponent's side (in ball-sports).; Into a state of non-operation.; To a subordinate or less prestigious position or rank.; In the direction leading away from the principal terminus, away from milepost zero.; Get down.; Away from Oxford or Cambridge.; From a remoter or higher antiquity.; So as to lessen quantity, level or intensity.; So as to reduce size, weight or volume.; From less to greater detail.; So as to secure or compress something to the floor, ground, or other (usually horizontal) surface.; Used with verbs to indicate that the action of the verb was carried to some state of completion, permanence, or success rather than being of indefinite duration.(p) From the higher end to the lower of.; From north to south of.; From one end to another of (in any direction); along.; At (a given place that is seen as removed from one's present location or other point of reference).(aj) Facing downwards.; At a lower level than before.; Sad, unhappy, depressed, feeling low.; Sick or ill.; Having a lower score than an opponent.; Out.; Negative about, hostile to.; Comfortable with, accepting of.; Inoperable; out of order; out of service.; Finished (of a task); defeated or dealt with (of an opponent or obstacle); elapsed (of time). Often coupled with to go (remaining).; Wounded and unable to move normally, or killed.; Mechanically failed, collided, shot down, or otherwise suddenly unable to fly.; Thoroughly practiced, learned or memorised; mastered. (Compare down pat.); Downright; absolute; positive.; Loyal.(v) To knock (someone or something) down; to cause to come down, to fell.; Specifically, to cause (something in the air) to fall to the ground; to bring down (with a missile etc.).; To lower; to put (something) down.; To defeat; to overpower.; To disparage, to put down.; To go or come down; to descend.; To drink or swallow, especially without stopping before the vessel containing the liquid is empty.; To render (the ball) dead, typically by touching the ground while in possession.; To sink (a ball) into a hole or pocket.(n) A negative aspect; a downer.; A grudge (on someone).; An act of swallowing an entire drink at once.; A single play, from the time the ball is snapped (the start) to the time the whistle is blown (the end) when the ball is down, or is downed.; A clue whose solution runs vertically in the grid.; A downstairs room of a two-story house.; Down payment.; The lightest quark with a charge number of −1/3.(n) A hill, especially a chalk hill; rolling grassland; A field, especially one used for horse racing.; A tract of poor, sandy, undulating or hilly land near the sea, covered with fine turf which serves chiefly for the grazing of sheep.(n) Soft, fluffy immature feathers which grow on young birds. Used as insulating material in duvets, sleeping bags and jackets.; The pubescence of plants; the hairy crown or envelope of the seeds of certain plants, such as the thistle.; The soft hair of the face when beginning to appear.; That which is made of down, as a bed or pillow; that which affords ease and repose, like a bed of down.(v) To cover, ornament, line, or stuff with down.
Down: (N) One of the six traditional counties of Northern Ireland, usually known as County Down.
downed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of down(aj) That has been brought down.
downs: (n) plural of down(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of down
Downs: (N) the South Downs.; A road for shipping in the English Channel or Straits of Dover, near Deal, employed as a naval rendezvous in time of war.; A surname.
downy: (aj) Having down, covered with a soft fuzzy coating as of small feathers or hair.; Sharp-witted, perceptive.; Low-spirited; down in the mouth.(n) A blanket filled with down; a duvet.
dowry: (n) Payment, such as property or money, paid by the bride's family to the groom or his family at the time of marriage.; Payment by the groom or his family to the bride's family: bride price.; Dower.; A natural gift or talent.(v) To bestow a dowry upon.
dowse: (v) Alternative form of douse (“to plunge into water”)(v) Alternative form of douse (“to strike”)(n) Alternative form of douse (“strike”)(v) To use the dipping or divining rod, as in search of water, ore, etc.
Dowse: (N) A surname.
dowser: (n) A divining rod used in searching for water, ore, etc.; a dowsing rod.; One who uses the dowser or divining rod. A diviner.
Dowson: (N) A patronymic surname, from given names.
doxy: (n) A sweetheart; a prostitute or a mistress.(n) A defined opinion.(n) Clipping of doxycycline.(n) A dachshund.
doyen: (n) A commander in charge of ten men.; The senior, or eldest male member of a group.; A leading light, or exemplar of a particular practice or movement.
Doyle: (N) An Irish surname, from Irish.; A census-designated place in Lassen County, California, United States.(n) An idiot.
doyley: (n) Alternative spelling of doily
doze: (v) To sleep lightly or briefly; to nap, snooze.; To make dull; to stupefy.; To bulldoze.(n) A light, short sleep or nap.(d) Pronunciation spelling of those.
dozed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of doze
dozen: (n) A set of twelve.; A large, unspecified number of, comfortably estimated in small multiples of twelve, thus generally implied to be significantly more than ten or twelve, but less than perhaps one or two hundred; many.; An old English measure of ore containing 12 hundredweight.; twelve
dozened: (v) plural of dozen
dozening: (v) plural of dozen
dozens: (n) plural of dozen(n) A verbal game in which two or more people exchange witty insults.
dozer: (n) One who dozes.(n) A bulldozer.
dozing: (v) present participle of doze(n) A light sleep.
dozy: (aj) Quite sleepy or tired.; Intellectually slow.; Decaying, rotten, spongy.
drab: (n) A fabric, usually of thick cotton or wool, having a dull brownish yellow, dull grey, or dun colour.; The colour of this fabric.; Often in the plural form drabs: apparel, especially trousers, made from this fabric.; A dull or uninteresting appearance or situation, unremarkable.(aj) Of the colour of some types of drabcloth: dull brownish yellow or dun.; Particularly of colour: dull, uninteresting.(n) A dirty or untidy woman; a slattern.; A promiscuous woman, a slut; a prostitute.(v) To consort with prostitutes; to whore.(n) A small amount, especially of money.(n) A box used in a saltworks for holding the salt when taken out of the boiling pans.(n) An instance of a transgender or non-binary person presenting as the gender corresponding to their sex assigned at birth instead of that corresponding to their internal gender identity (for instance, a trans woman dressed as a man).
drachm: (n) A small unit of weight, variously:; Alternative form of dram: One sixteenth of an ounce avoirdupois (approximately 1.77 g).; A small unit of weight, variously:; ¹⁄₈ ounce apothecary (3.89 g) (symbol: ℨ).; A small unit of weight, variously:; Alternative form of dirhem: a small former Turkish weight (variously 1.5–3.5 g).; A small unit of weight, variously:; Alternative form of drachma: a small former Greek weight (about 4.3 g).; Alternative form of drachma: a Greek silver coin weighing one drachma.
Draco: (N) A circumpolar constellation of the northern sky, said to resemble a dragon. It features a line of stars (including Thuban) that winds between Ursa Major and Ursa Minor.; The name of an Athenian lawgiver, known for the severity of his laws.; One of Actaeon's hounds.
draff: (n) A byproduct from a grain distillery, often fed to pigs or cattle as part of their ration; often synonymous with brewer's spent grain, sometimes differentiated from it; usually differentiated from potale, at least in technical use, although broad, nontechnical use has often lumped all such byproducts together, especially in the past.
draft: (n) A current of air, usually coming into a room or vehicle.; Draw through a flue of gasses (smoke) resulting from a combustion process.; An act of drinking.; The quantity of liquid (such as water, alcohol, or medicine) drunk in one swallow.; A dose (of medicine, alcohol, etc.); Beer drawn from a cask or keg rather than a bottle or can.; Depth of water needed to float a ship; depth below the water line to the bottom of a vessel's hull; depth of water drawn by a vessel.; An early version of a written work (such as a book or e-mail) or drawing.; A preliminary sketch or outline for a plan.; A cheque, an order for money to be paid.; Conscription, the system of forcing people to serve in the military.; A system of forcing or convincing people to take an elected position.; A system of assigning rookie players to professional sports teams.; The pulling force (tension) on couplers and draft gear during a slack stretched condition.; The bevel given to the pattern for a casting, so that it can be drawn from the sand without damaging the mould.; The action or an act (especially of a beast of burden or vehicle) of pulling something along or back.; The act of drawing in a net for fish.; That which is drawn in; a catch, a haul.; A quantity that is requisitioned or drawn out from a larger population.(v) To write a first version, make a preliminary sketch.; To draw in outline; to make a draught, sketch, or plan of, as in architectural and mechanical drawing.; To write a law.; To conscript a person, force a person to serve in some capacity, especially in the military.; To select someone (or something) for a particular role or purpose.; To select and separate an animal or animals from a group.; To select a rookie player onto a professional sports team.; To follow very closely (behind another vehicle), thereby providing an aerodynamic advantage to both lead and follower and conserving energy or increasing speed.; To draw out; to call forth.; To draw fibers out of a clump, for spinning in the production of yarn.(aj) Referring to drinks on tap, in contrast to bottled.; Referring to animals used for pulling heavy loads.
drafts: (n) plural of draft; Archaic form of draughts (“the board game”).(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of draft
drafty: (aj) Characterized by gusts of wind; windy.; Not properly sealed against drafts (draughts).
drag: (n) Resistance of a fluid to something moving through it.; Any force acting in opposition to the motion of an object.; The bottom part of a sand casting mold.; A device dragged along the bottom of a body of water in search of something, e.g. a dead body, or in fishing.; A double drum-stroke played at twice the speed of the context in which it is placed.; A puff on a cigarette or joint.; Someone or something that is annoying or frustrating, or disappointing; an obstacle to progress or enjoyment.; A long open horse-drawn carriage with transverse or side seats.; Street, as in 'main drag'.; The scent-path left by dragging a fox, or some other substance such as aniseed, for training hounds to follow scents.; A large amount of backspin on the cue ball, causing the cue ball to slow down.; A heavy harrow for breaking up ground.; A kind of sledge for conveying heavy objects; also, a kind of low car or handcart.; The bottom part of a flask or mould, the upper part being the cope.; A steel instrument for completing the dressing of soft stone.; The difference between the speed of a screw steamer under sail and that of the screw when the ship outruns the screw; or between the propulsive effects of the different floats of a paddle wheel.; Anything towed in the water to retard a ship's progress, or to keep her head up to the wind; especially, a canvas bag with a hooped mouth (drag sail), so used.; A pulled load.; A skid or shoe for retarding the motion of a carriage wheel.; Motion affected with slowness and difficulty, as if clogged.; Witch house music.; The last position in a line of hikers.; A push somewhat under the centre of the cue ball, causing it to follow the object ball a short way.; A device for guiding wood to the saw.; A mailcoach.; A prison sentence of three months.(v) To pull along a surface or through a medium, sometimes with difficulty.; To move onward heavily, laboriously, or slowly; to advance with weary effort; to go on lingeringly.; To act or proceed slowly or without enthusiasm; to be reluctant.; To draw along (something burdensome); hence, to pass in pain or with difficulty.; To serve as a clog or hindrance; to hold back.; To operate a pointing device by moving it with a button held down; to move, copy, etc. (an item) in this way.; To unintentionally rub or scrape on a surface.; To hit or kick off target.; To fish with a dragnet.; To search for something, as a lost object or body, by dragging something along the bottom of a body of water.; To break (land) by drawing a drag or harrow over it; to harrow.; To search exhaustively, as if with a dragnet.; To roast, say negative things about, or call attention to the flaws of (someone).(n) Women's clothing worn by men for the purpose of entertainment.; Men's clothing worn by women for the purpose of entertainment.; A men's party attended in women's clothing.; Any type of clothing or costume associated with a particular occupation or subculture.(v) To perform as a drag queen or drag king.
dragon: (n) A legendary serpentine or reptilian creature.; In Western mythology, a gigantic beast, typically reptilian with leathery bat-like wings, lion-like claws, scaly skin and a serpent-like body, often a monster with fiery breath.; A legendary serpentine or reptilian creature.; In Eastern mythology, a large, snake-like monster with the eyes of a hare, the horns of a stag and the claws of a tiger, usually beneficent.; An animal of various species that resemble a dragon in appearance:; A very large snake; a python.; An animal of various species that resemble a dragon in appearance:; Any of various agamid lizards of the genera Draco, Physignathus or Pogona.; An animal of various species that resemble a dragon in appearance:; A Komodo dragon.; The constellation Draco.; A fierce and unpleasant woman; a harridan.; The (historical) Chinese empire or the People's Republic of China.; Something very formidable or dangerous.; A type of playing-tile (red dragon, green dragon, white dragon) in the game of mahjong.; A luminous exhalation from marshy ground, seeming to move through the air like a winged serpent.; A short musket hooked to a swivel attached to a soldier's belt; so called from a representation of a dragon's head at the muzzle.; A background process similar to a daemon.; A variety of carrier pigeon.(n) A transvestite man, or more broadly a male-to-female transgender person.
Dragon: (N) The fifth of the 12-year cycle of animals which appear in the Chinese zodiac related to the Chinese calendar.; the Devil.
drags: (n) plural of drag(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of drag
drain: (n) A conduit allowing liquid to flow out of an otherwise contained volume; a plughole (UK); An access point or conduit for rainwater that drains directly downstream in a (drainage) basin without going through sewers or water treatment in order to prevent or belay floods.; Something consuming resources and providing nothing in return.; An act of urination.; One terminal of a field effect transistor (FET).; An outhole.; A drink.(v) To lose liquid.; To flow gradually.; To cause liquid to flow out of.; To convert a perennially wet place into a dry one.; To deplete of energy or resources.; To draw off by degrees; to cause to flow gradually out or off; hence, to exhaust.; To filter.; To fall off the bottom of the playfield.
Drain: (N) A surname.; A city in Douglas County, Oregon, United States.
drains: (n) plural of drain(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of drain
Drains: (N) plural of Drain
drake: (n) A male duck.(n) A mayfly used as fishing bait.; A dragon.; A small piece of artillery.; A fiery meteor.; A beaked galley, or Viking warship.
Drake: (N) An English surname, from nicknames, originally a byname from Old English draca or Old Norse draki, both meaning “dragon”.; Francis Drake (1540-1596), English sea captain, pirate, and explorer of the Elizabethan era.; An Irish surname, anglicized from Drach, itself a Hiberno-Norman name English Drake.; A male given name transferred from the surname.; A town in New South Wales, Australia.; A village in Saskatchewan, Canada.; A ward of Plymouth, Devon, England; named for aqueduct Drake's Leat, itself for Francis Drake, Mayor of Plymouth at the time of its construction.; A locale in the United States.; A city in North Dakota; named for early settler Herman Drake.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Arizona.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Colorado.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Illinois.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Kentucky.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Missouri; named for Missouri statesman Charles D. Drake.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in South Carolina.
dram: (n) A small unit of weight, variously:; One sixteenth of an ounce avoirdupois (approximately 1.77 g).; A small unit of weight, variously:; Alternative form of drachm (“¹⁄₈ ounce apothecary (3.89 g) (symbol: ℨ)”).; A small unit of weight, variously:; Synonym of dirhem: a former Turkish unit of weight (variously 1.5–3.5 g).; A small unit of weight, variously:; Synonym of drachma: a former Greek unit of weight (about 4.3 g).; Any similarly minute quantity, (now particularly) a small amount of strong alcohol or poison.; A cart formerly used to haul coal in coal mines.; Synonym of drachma: a Greek silver coin weighing one drachma; other similar coins.(v) To drink drams.; To ply with drams of drink.(n) The currency of Armenia, divided into 100 luma.
DRAM: (n) Dynamic random access memory.
drama: (n) A composition, normally in prose, telling a story and intended to be represented by actors impersonating the characters and speaking the dialogue; Such a work for television, radio or the cinema (usually one that is not a comedy); Theatrical plays in general; A situation in real life that has the characteristics of such a theatrical play; Rumor, lying or exaggerated reaction to life or online events; melodrama; an angry dispute or scene; a situation made more complicated or worse than it should be; intrigue or spiteful interpersonal maneuvering.
Drama: (N) A city, a municipality and regional unit in East Macedonia and Thrace, north-eastern Greece.
dramas: (n) plural of drama
drams: (n) plural of dram
DRAMs: (n) plural of DRAM
drank: (n) Dextromethorphan.; A drink, usually alcoholic.(v) simple past tense of drink; past participle of drink
drap: (n) Cloth.(v) To drop.
Drap: (N) A commune of the Alpes-Maritimes department, France
drape: (n) A curtain; a drapery.; The way in which fabric falls or hangs.; A member of a youth subculture distinguished by its sharp dress, especially peg-leg pants (1950s: e.g. Baltimore, MD). Antonym: square; A dress made from an entire piece of cloth, without having pieces cut away as in a fitted garment.(v) To cover or adorn with drapery or folds of cloth, or as with drapery; To spread over, cover.; To rail at; to banter.; To make cloth.; To design drapery, arrange its folds, etc., as for hangings, costumes, statues, etc.; To hang or rest limply
draped: (v) simple past tense and past participle of drape
draper: (n) One who sells cloths; a dealer in cloths.
Draper: (N) An English occupational surname for a draper (cloth merchant).; A locale in the United States.; A city in Utah; named for Mormon elder William Draper.; A locale in the United States.; A census-designated place in Virginia.; A locale in the United States.; A town in Wisconsin and an unincorporated community within that town; named for Wisconsin librarian and historian Lyman Draper.; A locale in the United States.; A town in South Dakota; named for railroad official C. A. Draper.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Kentucky.; An unincorporated community in Alberta, Canada; named for businessman Thomas Draper.
draps: (n) plural of drap(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of drap
drat: (v) To damn or curse.(i) Expressing anger, annoyance or frustration.
drave: (v) simple past tense of drive
Drave: (N) Alternative spelling of Drava
draw: (v) To move or develop something.; To sketch; depict with lines; to produce a picture with pencil, crayon, chalk, etc. on paper, cardboard, etc.; To move or develop something.; To deduce or infer.; To move or develop something.; To steep, leave temporarily so as to allow the flavour to increase.; To move or develop something.; To take or procure from a place of deposit; to call for and receive from a fund, etc.; To move or develop something.; To take into the lungs; to inhale.; To move or develop something.; To move; to come or go.; To move or develop something.; To approach, come to, or arrive at a point in time or a process.; To move or develop something.; To obtain from some cause or origin; to infer from evidence or reasons; to deduce from premises; to derive.; To move or develop something.; To withdraw.; To move or develop something.; To draw up (a document).; To exert or experience force.; To drag, pull.; To exert or experience force.; To pull; to exert strength in drawing anything; to have force to move anything by pulling.; To exert or experience force.; To pull out, unsheathe (as a gun from a holster, or a tooth).; To exert or experience force.; To undergo the action of pulling or dragging.; To exert or experience force.; To pull back the bowstring and its arrow in preparation for shooting.; To exert or experience force.; To close.; To exert or experience force.; To open.; To exert or experience force.; To take the top card of a deck into hand.; To remove or separate or displace.; To extract a liquid, or cause a liquid to come out, primarily water or blood.; To remove or separate or displace.; To drain by emptying; to suck dry.; To remove or separate or displace.; To extract; to force out; to elicit; to derive.; To remove or separate or displace.; To sink in water; to require a depth for floating.; To remove or separate or displace.; To work as an epispastic; said of a blister, poultice, etc.; To remove or separate or displace.; To have a draught; to transmit smoke, gases, etc.; To remove or separate or displace.; To consume, for example, power.; To change in size or shape.; To extend in length; to lengthen; to protract; to stretch.; To change in size or shape.; To become contracted; to shrink.; To attract or be attracted.; To attract.; To attract or be attracted.; To induce (a reticent person) to speak.; To attract or be attracted.; To search for game.; To attract or be attracted.; To cause.; To attract or be attracted.; To exert an attractive force; (figuratively) to act as an inducement or enticement.; To rely on; utilize as a source.; To disembowel.; To end a game in a draw (with neither side winning).; To choose by means of a random selection process.; To select by the drawing of lots.; To choose by means of a random selection process.; To win in a lottery or similar game of chance.; To choose by means of a random selection process.; To trade in cards for replacements in draw poker games; to attempt to improve one's hand with future cards. See also draw out.; To make a shot that lands gently in the house (the circular target) without knocking out other stones.; To play (a short-length ball directed at the leg stump) with an inclined bat so as to deflect the ball between the legs and the wicket.; To hit (the ball) with the toe of the club so that it is deflected toward the left.; To strike (the cue ball) below the center so as to give it a backward rotation which causes it to take a backward direction on striking another ball.(n) The result of a contest that neither side has won; a tie.; The procedure by which the result of a lottery is determined.; Something that attracts e.g. a crowd.; The act of drawing.; The result of a two-innings match in which at least one side did not complete all their innings before time ran out (as distinguished from a tie).; A golf shot that (for the right-handed player) curves intentionally to the left. See hook, slice, fade.; A shot that is intended to land gently in the house (the circular target) without knocking out other stones; cf. takeout.; A dry stream bed that drains surface water only during periods of heavy rain or flooding.; A bag of cannabis.; Cannabis.; In a commission-based job, an advance on future (potential) commissions given to an employee by the employer.; A situation in which one or more players has four cards of the same suit or four out of five necessary cards for a straight and requires a further card to make their flush or straight.; The act of pulling back the strings in preparation of firing.; The spin or twist imparted to a ball etc. by a drawing stroke.; Draft in the sense of the flow through a flue of gasses (smoke) resulting from a combustion process, possibly adjustable with a damper.
drawee: (n) The party directed to pay the amount of a draft or cheque.
drawer: (n) An open-topped box that can be slid in and out of the cabinet that contains it, used for storing clothing or other articles.; A side panel containing supplementary content.(n) Agent noun of draw; one who draws.; An artist who primarily makes drawings.; One who writes a bank draft, check/cheque, or promissory note.; A barman; a person who draws the beer from the taps.; Someone who taps palm sap for making toddy.; A wagoner or person who pushes underground tubs.
drawl: (v) To drag on slowly and heavily; to while or dawdle away time indolently.; To utter or pronounce in a dull, spiritless tone, as if by dragging out the utterance.; To move slowly and heavily; move in a dull, slow, lazy manner.; To speak with a slow, spiritless utterance, from affectation, laziness, or lack of interest.(n) A way of speaking slowly while lengthening vowel sounds and running words together. Characteristic of some southern US accents, as well as Scots.
drawn: (v) past participle of draw(aj) Appearing tired and unwell, as from stress; haggard.; Of a game: undecided; having no definite winner and loser.
draws: (n) plural of draw(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of draw
dray: (n) A low horse-drawn cart, often without sides, and used especially for heavy loads.; A kind of sledge or sled.(n) Alternative spelling of drey, the nest of a squirrel.
Dray: (N) A surname.
drayed: (v) plural of dray
draying: (v) plural of dray
drays: (n) plural of dray
Drays: (N) plural of Dray
dread: (v) To fear greatly.; To anticipate with fear.; To be in dread, or great fear.; To style (the hair) into dreadlocks.(n) Great fear in view of impending evil; fearful apprehension of danger; anticipatory terror.; Reverential or respectful fear; awe.; Somebody or something dreaded.; A person highly revered.; Fury; dreadfulness.; A Rastafarian.; dreadlock(aj) Terrible; greatly feared; dreaded.; Awe-inspiring; held in fearful awe.
dreads: (n) dreadlocks(n) A Rastafarian person.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dread
dream: (n) Imaginary events seen in the mind while sleeping.; A hope or wish.; A visionary scheme; a wild conceit; an idle fancy.(v) To see imaginary events in one's mind while sleeping.; To hope, to wish.; To daydream.; To envision as an imaginary experience (usually when asleep).; To consider the possibility (of).(aj) Ideal; perfect.
dreams: (n) plural of dream(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dream
dreamt: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dream(aj) Imagined or only extant in a dream or dreams.
dreamy: (aj) As in a dream; resembling a dream.; Sexy; handsome; attractive.; Having a pleasant or romantic atmosphere.; Tending to dream or daydream.
drear: (aj) Dreary.(n) Gloom; sadness.
drearies: (n) plural of dreary
dreary: (aj) Drab; dark, colorless, or cheerless.; Grievous, dire; appalling.
dredge: (n) Any instrument used to gather or take by dragging; as:; A dragnet for taking up oysters, etc., from their beds.; Any instrument used to gather or take by dragging; as:; A dredging machine.; Any instrument used to gather or take by dragging; as:; An iron frame, with a fine net attached, used in collecting animals living at the bottom of the sea.; Very fine mineral matter held in suspension in water.(v) To make a channel deeper or wider using a dredge.; To bring something to the surface with a dredge.; to unearth.(n) A large shaker for sprinkling spices or seasonings during food preparation.; A mixture of oats and barley.(v) To sprinkle (food) with spices or seasonings, using a dredge.
dree: (v) To suffer; bear; endure; put up with; undergo.; To endure; brook; be able to do or continue.(aj) Long; large; ample; great.; Great; of serious moment.; Tedious; wearisome; tiresome.(n) Length; extension; the longest part.; Trouble, grief, suffering.
dreer: (adj) plural of dree
dreest: (adj) plural of dree
dreg: (n) Sediment in a liquid.; The lowest and most worthless part of something; scum.
dregs: (n) The sediment settled at the bottom of a liquid; the lees in a container of unfiltered wine.; The worst and lowest part of something.
drench: (n) A draught administered to an animal.; A drink; a draught; specifically, a potion of medicine poured or forced down the throat; also, a potion that causes purging.(v) To soak, to make very wet.; To cause to drink; especially, to dose (e.g. a horse) with medicine by force.(n) Alternative form of dreng
dress: (v) To put clothes (or, formerly, armour) on (oneself or someone, a doll, a mannequin, etc.); to clothe.; To design, make, provide, or select clothes (for someone).; To arrange or style (someone's hair).; To adorn or ornament (something).; To apply a dressing to or otherwise treat (a wound); (obsolete) to give (a wounded person) medical aid.; To fit or prepare (something) for use; to render (something) suitable for an intended purpose; to get ready.; To cultivate or tend to (a garden, land, plants, etc.); especially, to add fertilizer or manure to (soil); to fertilize, to manure.; To cut up (an animal or its flesh) for food; specifically (hunting), to remove the internal organs (of a game animal) shortly after it has been killed so that the carcass cools more quickly; to field dress.; To prepare (food) for cooking or eating, especially by seasoning it; specifically, to add a dressing or sauce (to food, especially a salad).; To arrange (soldiers or troops) into proper formation; especially, to adjust (soldiers or troops) into straight lines and at a proper distance from each other; to align.; To treat (someone) in a particular manner; specifically, in an appropriate or fitting manner; (by extension, ironic) to give (someone) a deserved beating; also, to give (someone) a good scolding; to dress down.; To break in and train (a horse or other animal) for use.; To prepare (oneself); to make ready.; To put on clothes.; Of a thing: to attain a certain condition after undergoing some process or treatment to fit or prepare it for use.; To allow one's penis to fall to one side or the other within one's trousers.; Ellipsis of cross-dress.; Of an animal carcass: to have a certain quantity or weight after removal of the internal organs and skin; also, to have a certain appearance after being cut up and prepared for cooking.; Of soldiers or troops: to arrange into proper formation; especially, to form into straight lines and at a proper distance from each other.; Of a sportsperson: to put on the uniform and have the equipment needed to play a sport.(n) An item of clothing (usually worn by a woman or young girl) which both covers the upper part of the body and includes a skirt below the waist.; An item of outer clothing or set of such clothes (worn by people of all sexes) which is generally decorative and appropriate for a particular occasion, profession, etc.; Ellipsis of dress rehearsal; Apparel or clothing, especially when appropriate for a particular occasion, profession, etc.; The act of putting on clothes, especially fashionable ones, or for a particular (especially formal) occasion.; The act of applying a dressing to or otherwise treating a wound; also, the dressing so applied.
dressy: (aj) Elegant, smart, or stylish.; Fond of dressing up; keen on fashion.
drest: (v) Obsolete form of dressed; simple past tense and past participle of dress
drew: (v) simple past tense of draw; past participle of draw
Drew: (N) A diminutive of the male given name Andrew(N) A male given name from the Germanic languages; A female given name(N) A surname.(N) An unincorporated community in Forsyth County, Georgia, United States, named after Drew E. Bennett.; A city in Sunflower County, Mississippi, named after Miss Drew Daniel.; An unincorporated community in Laclede County, Missouri, named after S. E. Drew.; An unincorporated community in Douglas County, Oregon, probably named after Robert Drew.; A rural community in Wellington County, Ontario, Canada, named after George Alexander Drew (Liberal-Conservative MP).
dried: (aj) Without water or moisture, said of something that has previously been wet or moist; resulting from the process of drying.; Usually of foods: cured, preserved by drying.; Sold raw and unprocessed.(v) simple past tense and past participle of dry
drier: (n) Alternative spelling of dryer(aj) comparative form of dry: more dry
Drier: (N) A surname, from German.
dries: (n) plural of dry(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dry
driest: (aj) superlative form of dry: most dry
drift: (n) Movement; that which moves or is moved.; Anything driven at random.; Movement; that which moves or is moved.; A mass of matter which has been driven or forced onward together in a body, or thrown together in a heap, etc., especially by wind or water.; Movement; that which moves or is moved.; The distance through which a current flows in a given time.; Movement; that which moves or is moved.; A drove or flock, as of cattle, sheep, birds.; Movement; that which moves or is moved.; A collection of loose earth and rocks, or boulders, which have been distributed over large portions of the earth's surface, especially in latitudes north of forty degrees, by the retreat of continental glaciers, such as that which buries former river valleys and creates young river valleys.; Movement; that which moves or is moved.; Driftwood included in flotsam washed up onto the beach.; Movement; that which moves or is moved.; A driving; a violent movement.; Movement; that which moves or is moved.; Course or direction along which anything is driven; setting.; Movement; that which moves or is moved.; That which is driven, forced, or urged along.; The act or motion of drifting; the force which impels or drives; an overpowering influence or impulse.; A place (a ford) along a river where the water is shallow enough to permit crossing to the opposite side.; The tendency of an act, argument, course of conduct, or the like; object aimed at or intended; intention; hence, also, import or meaning of a sentence or discourse; aim.; The horizontal thrust or pressure of an arch or vault upon the abutments.; A tool.; A slightly tapered tool of steel for enlarging or shaping a hole in metal, by being forced or driven into or through it; a broach.; A tool.; A tool used to pack down the composition contained in a rocket, or like firework.; A tool.; A tool used to insert or extract a removable pin made of metal or hardwood, for the purpose of aligning and/or securing two pieces of material together.; A deviation from the line of fire, peculiar to obloid projectiles.; Minor deviation of audio or video playback from its correct speed.; The situation where a performer gradually and unintentionally moves from their proper location within the scene.; A passage driven or cut between shaft and shaft; a driftway; a small subterranean gallery; an adit or tunnel.; Movement.; The angle which the line of a ship's motion makes with the meridian, in drifting.; Movement.; The distance a vessel is carried off from her desired course by the wind, currents, or other causes.; Movement.; The place in a deep-waisted vessel where the sheer is raised and the rail is cut off, and usually terminated with a scroll, or driftpiece.; Movement.; The distance between the two blocks of a tackle.; Movement.; The difference between the size of a bolt and the hole into which it is driven, or between the circumference of a hoop and that of the mast on which it is to be driven.; A sideways movement of the ball through the air, when bowled by a spin bowler.; Slow, cumulative change.(v) To move slowly, especially pushed by currents of water, air, etc.; To move haphazardly without any destination.; To deviate gently from the intended direction of travel.; To drive or carry, as currents do a floating body.; To drive into heaps.; To accumulate in heaps by the force of wind; to be driven into heaps.; To make a drift; to examine a vein or ledge for the purpose of ascertaining the presence of metals or ores; to follow a vein; to prospect.; To enlarge or shape, as a hole, with a drift.; To oversteer a vehicle, causing loss of traction, while maintaining control from entry to exit of a corner. See Drifting (motorsport).
drifts: (n) plural of drift(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of drift
drill: (v) To create (a hole) by removing material with a drill (tool).; To practice, especially in (or as in) a military context.; To cause to drill (practice); to train in military arts.; To repeat an idea frequently in order to encourage someone to remember it.; To investigate or examine something in more detail or at a different level; To hit or kick with a lot of power.; To hit someone with a pitch, especially in an intentional context.; To have sexual intercourse with; to penetrate.(n) A tool used to remove material so as to create a hole, typically by plunging a rotating cutting bit into a stationary workpiece.; The portion of a drilling tool that drives the bit.; An activity done as an exercise or practice (especially a military exercise), particularly in preparation for some possible future event or occurrence.; Any of several molluscs, of the genus Urosalpinx, especially the oyster drill (Urosalpinx cinerea), that drill holes in the shells of other animals.; A style of trap music with gritty, violent lyrics, originating on the South Side of Chicago.(n) An agricultural implement for making holes for sowing seed, and sometimes so formed as to contain seeds and drop them into the hole made.; A light furrow or channel made to put seed into, when sowing.; A row of seed sown in a furrow.(v) To sow (seeds) by dribbling them along a furrow or in a row.(n) A small trickling stream; a rill.(v) To cause to flow in drills or rills or by trickling; to drain by trickling.(v) To entice or allure; to decoy; with on.; To cause to slip or waste away by degrees.(n) An Old World monkey of West Africa, Mandrillus leucophaeus, similar in appearance to the mandrill, but lacking the colorful face.(n) A strong, durable cotton fabric with a strong bias (diagonal) in the weave.
drills: (n) plural of drill(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of drill
drily: (av) In a dry manner
drink: (v) To consume (a liquid) through the mouth.; To consume the liquid contained within (a bottle, glass, etc.).; To consume alcoholic beverages.; To take in (a liquid), in any manner; to suck up; to absorb; to imbibe.; To take in; to receive within one, through the senses; to inhale; to hear; to see.; To smoke, as tobacco.(n) A beverage.; Drinks in general; something to drink; A type of beverage (usually mixed).; A (served) alcoholic beverage.; The action of drinking, especially with the verbs take or have.; Alcoholic beverages in general.; Any body of water.
drinks: (n) plural of drink(n) A short break in play to allow the players to have a drink, and for quick repairs to be made to equipment or the pitch.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of drink
drip: (v) To fall one drop at a time.; To leak slowly.; To let fall in drops.; To have a superabundance of valuable things.; To rain lightly.; To be wet, to be soaked.; To whine or complain consistently; to grumble.(n) A drop of a liquid.; A falling or letting fall in drops; act of dripping.; An apparatus that slowly releases a liquid, especially one that intravenously releases drugs into a patient's bloodstream.; A limp, ineffectual, or uninteresting person.; That part of a cornice, sill course, or other horizontal member, which projects beyond the rest, and has a section designed to throw off rainwater.; Style; fashionable clothing.(n) A dividend reinvestment program; a type of financial investing.
drippy: (aj) Dripping or tending to drip.; Rainy or wet.; Maudlin, tiresome or annoying;; Extravagant, luxurious.
drips: (n) plural of drip
drive: (n) Motivation to do or achieve something; ability coupled with ambition.; Violent or rapid motion; a rushing onward or away; especially, a forced or hurried dispatch of business.; An act of driving (prompting) game animals forward, to be captured or hunted.; An act of driving (prompting) livestock animals forward, to transport a herd.; A sustained advance in the face of the enemy to take a strategic objective.; A mechanism used to power or give motion to a vehicle or other machine or machine part.; A trip made in a vehicle (now generally in a motor vehicle).; A driveway.; A type of public roadway.; A place suitable or agreeable for driving; a road prepared for driving.; Desire or interest.; An apparatus for reading and writing data to or from a mass storage device such as a disk.; A mass storage device in which the mechanism for reading and writing data is integrated with the mechanism for storing data.; A stroke made with a driver.; A ball struck in a flat trajectory.; A type of shot played by swinging the bat in a vertical arc, through the line of the ball, and hitting it along the ground, normally between cover and midwicket.; A straight level shot or pass.; An offensive possession, generally one consisting of several plays and/ or first downs, often leading to a scoring opportunity.; A charity event such as a fundraiser, bake sale, or toy drive.; A campaign aimed at selling more of a certain product, e.g. by offering a discount.; An impression or matrix formed by a punch drift.; A collection of objects that are driven; a mass of logs to be floated down a river.(v) To provide an impetus for motion or other physical change, to move an object by means of the provision of force thereto.; To provide an impetus for a non-physical change, especially a change in one's state of mind.; To displace either physically or non-physically, through the application of force.; To cause intrinsic motivation through the application or demonstration of force: to impel or urge onward thusly, to compel to move on, to coerce, intimidate or threaten.; (especially of animals) To impel or urge onward by force; to push forward; to compel to move on.; To direct a vehicle powered by a horse, ox or similar animal.; To cause animals to flee out of.; To move (something) by hitting it with great force.; To cause (a mechanism) to operate.; To operate (a wheeled motorized vehicle).; To operate (an aircraft).; To motivate; to provide an incentive for.; To compel (to do something).; To cause to become.; To hit the ball with a drive.; To travel by operating a wheeled motorized vehicle.; To convey (a person, etc.) in a wheeled motorized vehicle.; To move forcefully.; To be moved or propelled forcefully (especially of a ship).; To urge, press, or bring to a point or state.; To carry or to keep in motion; to conduct; to prosecute.; To clear, by forcing away what is contained.; To dig horizontally; to cut a horizontal gallery or tunnel.; To put together a drive (n.): to string together offensive plays and advance the ball down the field.; To distrain for rent.; To separate the lighter (feathers or down) from the heavier, by exposing them to a current of air.; To be the dominant party in a sex act.
drivel: (n) Nonsense; senseless talk.; Saliva, drool.; A fool; an idiot.(v) To talk nonsense; to talk senselessly; to drool.; To have saliva drip from the mouth.; To be weak or foolish; to dote.(n) A servant; a drudge.(v) To move or travel slowly.; To use up or to be used up.
driven: (v) past participle of drive(aj) Obsessed; passionately motivated to achieve goals.; Formed into snowdrifts by wind.
driver: (n) One who drives something, in any sense of the verb to drive.; Something that drives something, in any sense of the verb to drive.; A person who drives a motorized vehicle such as a car or a bus.; A person who drives some other vehicle.; A pilot (person who flies aircraft).; A device driver; a program that acts as an interface between an application and hardware, written specifically for the device it controls.; A golf club used to drive the ball a great distance.; a kind of sail, smaller than a fore and aft spanker on a square-rigged ship, a driver is tied to the same spars.; A mallet.; A tamping iron.; A cooper's hammer for driving on barrel hoops.; A screwdriver.
Driver: (N) A surname.; An unincorporated community in Mississippi County, Arkansas, United States.; A neighbourhood in the city of Suffolk, Virginia, United States.; An inner suburb of Palmerston, Northern Territory, Australia.
drives: (n) plural of drive(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of drive
drogue: (n) A floating object attached to the end of a harpoon line to slow a whale down and prevent it from diving.; A type of bag pulled behind a boat to stop it from broaching to.; A conical parachute used as a brake for some kinds of aircraft, or as a means of extracting and deploying a larger parachute, or to slow a rapidly-moving vehicle to a speed where it can safely deploy a larger parachute.; A conical basket or device used variously as a target for gunnery practice, and as a docking point for aerial refuelling.; A wind cone.
droit: (n) A legal right or entitlement.
droits: (n) plural of droit
droll: (aj) Oddly humorous; whimsical, amusing in a quaint way; waggish.(n) A funny person; a buffoon, a wag.(v) To jest, to joke.
drone: (n) A male ant, bee or wasp, which does not work but can fertilize the queen bee.; Someone who does not work; a lazy person, an idler.; One who performs menial or tedious work.; A remotely controlled aircraft, an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV).; A person without the ability to think critically and independently, especially one who follows a group blindly; a non-player character.(v) To kill with a missile fired by unmanned aircraft.(v) To produce a low-pitched hum or buzz.; To speak in a monotone way.(n) A low-pitched hum or buzz.; One of the fixed-pitch pipes on a bagpipe.; A genre of music that uses repeated lengthy droning sounds.; A humming or deep murmuring sound.
Drone: (N) A surname.
droned: (v) simple past tense and past participle of drone
drones: (n) plural of drone
Drones: (N) plural of Drone
drongo: (n) Any bird of the family Dicruridae.(n) A fool, an idiot, a stupid fellow.
drool: (v) To secrete saliva, especially in anticipation of food.; To secrete any substance in a similar way.; To react to something with uncontrollable desire.; To talk nonsense; drivel.(n) Saliva trickling from the mouth.; Stupid talk.
droop: (v) To hang downward; to sag.; To slowly become limp; to bend gradually.; To lose all energy, enthusiasm or happiness; to flag.; To allow to droop or sink.; To proceed downward, or toward a close; to decline.(n) Something which is limp or sagging.; A condition or posture of drooping.; A hinged portion of the leading edge of an aeroplane's wing, which swivels downward to increase lift during takeoff and landing.
droops: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of droop
droopy: (aj) Tending to droop; sagging; wilting.
drop: (n) A small quantity of liquid, just large enough to hold its own round shape through surface tension, especially one that falls from a source of liquid.; A dose of liquid medicine in the form of a drop (sense 1).; A small quantity of liquid, just large enough to hold its own round shape through surface tension, especially one that falls from a source of liquid.; A liquid medicine that is intended to be administered in drops (sense 1).; A very small quantity of liquid, or (by extension) of anything.; A small amount of an alcoholic beverage.; A very small quantity of liquid, or (by extension) of anything.; Usually preceded by the: alcoholic spirits in general.; A very small quantity of liquid, or (by extension) of anything.; A single measure of whisky.; That which hangs or resembles a liquid globule, such as a hanging diamond earring or ornament, a glass pendant on a chandelier, etc.; Often preceded by a defining word: a small, round piece of hard candy, such as a lemon drop; a lozenge.; That which hangs or resembles a liquid globule, such as a hanging diamond earring or ornament, a glass pendant on a chandelier, etc.; An ornament resembling a pendant; a gutta.; A thing which drops or hangs down.; The cover mounted on a swivel over a keyhole that rests over the keyhole when not in use to keep out debris, but is swiveled out of the way before inserting the key.; A thing which drops or hangs down.; A fruit which has fallen off a tree, etc., or has been knocked off accidentally, rather than picked.; A thing which drops or hangs down.; A dropped pass.; A thing which drops or hangs down.; A trapdoor (“hinged platform”) on a gallows; a gallows itself.; A thing which drops or hangs down.; An item made available for the player to pick up from the remains of a defeated enemy.; A thing which drops or hangs down.; A thing which drops or hangs down.; A curtain which falls in front of a theatrical stage; also, a section of (cloth) scenery lowered on to the stage like a curtain.; An act or instance of dropping (in all senses).; An act of moving downwards under the force of gravity; a descent, a fall.; An act or instance of dropping (in all senses).; An instance of making a delivery of people, supplies, or things, especially by parachute out of an aircraft (an airdrop), but also by truck, etc.; An act or instance of dropping (in all senses).; A release (of music, a video game, etc).; An act or instance of dropping (in all senses).; The amount of money that a gambler exchanges for chips in a casino.; An act or instance of dropping (in all senses).; Preceded by the: execution by hanging.; An act or instance of dropping (in all senses).; An act or instance of dropping (in all senses).; An unsolicited credit card issue.; A decline in degree, quality, quantity, or rate.; The distance through which something drops, or falls below a certain level.; The distance below a cliff or other high position through which someone or something could fall; hence, a steep slope.; The distance through which something drops, or falls below a certain level.; The vertical length of a hanging curtain.; The distance through which something drops, or falls below a certain level.; The distance of the axis of a shaft below the base of a hanger.; The distance through which something drops, or falls below a certain level.; The distance that a person drops when being executed by hanging.; The distance through which something drops, or falls below a certain level.; The depth of a (square) sail (generally applied to the courses only); the vertical dimension of a sail.; A place where items or supplies may be left for others to collect, whether openly (as with a mail drop), or secretly or illegally (as in crime or espionage); a drop-off point.; Only used in get the drop on and have the drop on: an advantage.; A point in a song, usually electronic music such as dubstep, house, trace, or trap, where there is a very noticeable and pleasing change in bass, tempo, and/or overall tone; a climax, a highlight.(v) Of a liquid: to fall in drops or droplets.; To fall (straight down) under the influence of gravity, like a drop of liquid.; To fall or sink quickly or suddenly to the ground.; To collapse in exhaustion or injury; also, to fall dead, or to fall in death.; To fall into a particular condition or state.; To come to an end (by not being kept up); to lapse, to stop.; To decrease, diminish, or lessen in condition, degree, value, etc.

The stock dropped 1.5% yesterday.; Of a song or sound: to lower in key, pitch, tempo, or other quality.; To decrease, diminish, or lessen in condition, degree, value, etc.

The stock dropped 1.5% yesterday.; Of a voice: to lower in timbre, often due to puberty.; To fall behind or to the rear of a group of people, etc., as a result of not keeping up with those at the front.; Usually followed by by, in, or into: of a person: to visit someone or somewhere informally or without a prior appointment.; Of a programme, software, a music album or song, etc.: to enter public distribution.; To drop out of the betting.; Of the testicles: to hang further away from the body and begin producing sperm due to puberty.; To let drops fall; to discharge itself in drops.; To drip (a liquid) in drops or small amounts.; To let (something) fall; to allow (something) to fall (either by releasing hold of, or losing one's grip on).; To move to a lower position; to allow to hang downwards; to lower.; To quickly lower or take down (one's trousers), especially in public.; To move to a lower position; to allow to hang downwards; to lower.; To cook (food, especially fast food), particularly by lowering into hot oil to deep-fry, or by grilling.; Of an animal (usually a sheep): to give birth to (young); of a bird: to lay (an egg).; To mention (something) casually or incidentally, usually in conversation.; To let (a letter, etc.) fall into a postbox; hence, to send (a letter, email, or other message) in an offhand manner.; To make (someone or something) fall to the ground from a blow, gunshot, etc.; to bring down, to shoot down.; To set down (someone or something) from a vehicle; to stop and deliver or deposit (someone or something); to drop off.; To lower (a sound, a voice, etc.) in pitch or volume.; To tune (a guitar string, etc.) to a lower note.; To cease concerning oneself over (someone or something); to have nothing more to do with (a discussion, subject, etc.).; To dispose or get rid of (something); to lose, to remove.; To cease to include (something), as if on a list; to dismiss, to eject, to expel.; To cancel or cease to participate in (a scheduled course, event, or project).; To lose, spend, or otherwise part with (money).; To pass or use (counterfeit cheques, money, etc.).; To impart (something).; Especially in drop acid: to swallow (a drug, particularly LSD).; To release (a programme, software, a music album or song, etc.) to the public.; To fail to write, or (especially) to pronounce (a syllable, letter, etc.).; To play (a portion of music) in the manner of a disc jockey.; To perform (rap music).; To (unexpectedly) lose (a competition, game, etc.).; Of a fielder: to fail to dismiss (a batsman) by accidentally dropping a batted ball that had initially been caught.; To score (a goal) by means of a drop kick.; To cover (something) with or as if with drops, especially of a different colour; to bedrop, to variegate.; To enter a more basic interface.; To present the user with a more basic interface.
drops: (n) plural of drop(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of drop
dropsy: (n) Edema, swelling.
dross: (n) Waste or impure matter.; Residue that forms on the surface of molten metal from oxidation.; The impurities in metal.; A waste product from working with metal.; Worthless or trivial matter.(v) To remove dross from.
drouth: (n) Alternative form of drought
drove: (n) A cattle drive or the herd being driven by it; thus, a number of cattle driven to market or new pastures.; A large number of people on the move (literally or figuratively).; A group of hares.; A road or track along which cattle are habitually driven; a drove road.; A narrow drain or channel used in the irrigation of land.; A broad chisel used to bring stone to a nearly smooth surface.; The grooved surface of stone finished by the drove chisel.(v) simple past tense of drive(v) To herd cattle; particularly over a long distance.; To finish (stone) with a drove chisel.
drover: (n) A person who drives animals, especially cattle or sheep, over long distances.
droves: (n) plural of drove(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of drove
drown: (v) To die from suffocation while immersed in water or other fluid.; To kill by suffocating in water or another liquid.; To be flooded: to be inundated with or submerged in (literally) water or (figuratively) other things; to be overwhelmed.; To inundate, submerge, overwhelm.; To obscure, particularly amid an overwhelming volume of other items.
Drown: (N) A surname.
drowns: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of drown
Drowns: (N) plural of Drown
drowse: (v) To be sleepy and inactive.; To nod off; to fall asleep.; To advance drowsily. (Used especially in the phrase "drowse one's way" ⇒ sleepily make one's way.); To make heavy with sleepiness or imperfect sleep; to make dull or stupid.(n) The state of being sleepy and inactive.
drowsy: (aj) Inclined to drowse; heavy with sleepiness; Causing someone to fall sleep or feel sleepy; lulling; soporific.; Boring.; Dull; stupid.
drub: (n) carbonaceous shale; small coal; slate, dross, or rubbish in coal.(v) To beat (someone or something) with a stick.; To defeat someone soundly; to annihilate or crush.; To forcefully teach something.; To criticize harshly; to excoriate.
drudge: (n) A person who works in a low servile job.; Someone who works for (and may be taken advantage of by) someone else.(v) To labour in (or as in) a low servile job.
drug: (n) A substance used to treat an illness, relieve a symptom, or modify a chemical process in the body for a specific purpose.; A psychoactive substance, especially one which is illegal and addictive, ingested for recreational use, such as cocaine.; Anything, such as a substance, emotion, or action, to which one is addicted.; Any commodity that lies on hand, or is not salable; an article of slow sale, or in no demand.; Short for drugstore.(v) To administer intoxicating drugs to, generally without the recipient's knowledge or consent.; To add intoxicating drugs to with the intention of drugging someone.; To prescribe or administer drugs or medicines.(v) simple past tense and past participle of drag(n) A drudge.
drugs: (n) plural of drug(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of drug
druid: (n) One of an order of priests among certain groups of Celts before the adoption of Abrahamic religions.
Druid: (n) Alternative letter-case form of druid; A member of a benefit society founded in 1781, the Ancient Order of Druids.
drum: (n) A percussive musical instrument spanned with a thin covering on at least one end for striking, forming an acoustic chamber; a membranophone.; Any similar hollow, cylindrical object.; A barrel or large cylindrical container for liquid transport and storage.; The encircling wall that supports a dome or cupola.; Any of the cylindrical blocks that make up the shaft of a pillar.; A drumfish (family Sciaenidae).; A tip; a piece of information.(v) To beat a drum.; To beat with a rapid succession of strokes.; To drill or review in an attempt to establish memorization.; To throb, as the heart.; To go about, as a drummer does, to gather recruits, to draw or secure partisans, customers, etc.; used with for.; Of various animals, to make a vocalisation or mechanical sound that resembles drumming.(n) A small hill or ridge of hills.(n) A social gathering or assembly held in the evening.; A person's home; a house or other building, especially when insalubrious; a tavern, a brothel.(n) A drumstick (of chicken, turkey, etc).
Drum: (N) A surname.; A settlement (Mains of Drum) in Aberdeenshire council area, Scotland, near Drum Castle (OS grid ref NO8099).; A mountain in Conwy county borough, Wales (OS grid ref SH7069).; A village in County Monaghan, Ireland.; A civil parish and townland in County Roscommon, Ireland.; An unincorporated community in Bollinger County, Missouri, USA, named after the Drum family.
drums: (n) plural of drum(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of drum
Drums: (N) plural of Drum
drunk: (aj) Intoxicated as a result of excessive alcohol consumption, usually by drinking alcoholic beverages.; Habitually or frequently in a state of intoxication.; Elated or emboldened.; Drenched or saturated with moisture or liquid.(n) One who is intoxicated with alcohol.; A habitual drinker, especially one who is frequently intoxicated.; A drinking-bout; a period of drunkenness.; A drunken state.(v) past participle of drink; simple past tense of drink
drupe: (n) A stone fruit.
druse: (n) An inner surface with a crust of tiny crystals.; An aggregation of calcium oxalate crystals found in certain plants.; A tiny yellow or white accumulation of extracellular material that builds up in Bruch's membrane of the eye.
Druse: (n) Alternative form of Druze
dry: (aj) Free from or lacking moisture.; Unable to produce a liquid, as water, (petrochemistry) oil, or (farming) milk.; Built without or lacking mortar.; Anhydrous: free from or lacking water in any state, regardless of the presence of other liquids.; Athirst, eager.; Free from or lacking alcohol or alcoholic beverages.; Describing an area where sales of alcoholic or strong alcoholic beverages are banned.; Free from or lacking embellishment or sweetness; Low in sugar; lacking sugar; unsweetened.; Free from or lacking embellishment or sweetness; Amusing without showing amusement.; Free from or lacking embellishment or sweetness; Lacking interest, boring.; Free from or lacking embellishment or sweetness; Exhibiting precise execution lacking delicate contours or soft transitions of color.; Not using afterburners or water injection for increased thrust.; Involving computations rather than work with biological or chemical matter.; Free from applied audio effects (especially reverb).; Without a usual complement or consummation; impotent.; Of a bite from an animal: not containing the usual venom.; Of a mass, service, or rite: involving neither consecration nor communion.(n) The process by which something is dried.; A prohibitionist (of alcoholic beverages).; An area with little or no rain, or sheltered from it.; The dry season.; An area of waterless country.; Unsweetened ginger ale; dry ginger.; A radical or hard-line Conservative; especially, one who supported the policies of British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in the 1980s.(v) To lose moisture.; To remove moisture from.; To be thirsty.; To exhaust; to cause to run dry.; For an actor to forget his or her lines while performing.
DRY: (aj) Of code, the quality of adhering to the principle of DRY; containing as little repetition as possible.(v) To cause code to become DRY; to remove repetition from code.
Dry: (N) A surname.
dryad: (n) A female tree spirit.
Dryden: (N) An English and Scottish habitational surname, from Old English, from Old English drȳġe (“dry”) + denu (“valley”).; A city in Ontario, Canada; named for Canadian farmer and politician John Dryden.; A village in Michigan; named for poet John Dryden.; A ghost town in Missouri; named for state official Nathaniel Dryden.; A town in New York, and a village within the town; named for poet John Dryden.; An unincorporated community in Oregon; named for poet John Dryden.; An unincorporated community in Texas; named for railroad engineer Eugene E. Dryden.; A census-designated place in Virginia; named for railroad official Captain Dryden.; An unincorporated community in Washington; named for Canadian horticulturist John Dryden.
dryer: (n) One who, or that which, dries; a desiccative.; A household appliance that removes the water from clothing by accelerating evaporation, usually though heat and a tumbling motion.; An electric hair dryer.; Any other device or substance, household or industrial, designed to remove water or humidity.; A catalyst used to promote the drying of paints and varnishes by oxidative crosslinking.(aj) comparative form of dry: more dry
Dryer: (N) A surname.
drying: (v) present participle of dry(n) The act of drying.; A method of food preservation by removing water.
dryly: (av) In a dry manner.
duad: (n) A pair or couple.; Dwadasama.; An unordered pair.
dual: (aj) Exhibiting duality; characterized by having two (usually equivalent) components.; Acting as a counterpart.; Double.; Pertaining to grammatical number (as in singular and plural), referring to two of something, such as a pair of shoes, in the context of the singular, plural and, in some languages, trial grammatical number.; Being the space of all linear functionals of (some other space).; Being the dual of some other category; containing the same objects but with source and target reversed for all morphisms.(n) Of an item that is one of a pair, the other item in the pair.; Of a regular polyhedron with V vertices and F faces, the regular polyhedron having F vertices and V faces.; dual number The grammatical number of a noun marking two of something (as in singular, dual, plural), sometimes referring to two of anything (a couple of, exactly two of), or a chirality-marked pair (as in left and right, as with gloves or shoes) or in some languages as a discourse marker, "between you and me". A few languages display trial number.; Of a vector in an inner product space, the linear functional corresponding to taking the inner product with that vector. The set of all duals is a vector space called the dual space.(v) To convert from single to dual; specifically, to convert a single-carriageway road to a dual carriageway.
dub: (v) (now historical) To confer knighthood; the conclusion of the ceremony was marked by a tap on the shoulder with a sword.; To name, to entitle, to call.; To deem.; To clothe or invest; to ornament; to adorn.; To strike, rub, or dress smooth; to dab.; To dress with an adze.; To strike, rub, or dress smooth; to dab.; To strike cloth with teasels to raise a nap.; To strike, rub, or dress smooth; to dab.; To rub or dress with grease, as leather in the process of currying it.; To strike, rub, or dress smooth; to dab.; To dress a fishing fly.; To prepare (a gamecock) for fighting, by trimming the hackles and cutting off the comb and wattles.(v) To make a noise by brisk drumbeats.; To do something badly.; To execute a shot poorly.(n) A blow, thrust, or poke.(n) An unskillful, awkward person.(v) To add sound to film or change audio on film.; To make a copy from an original or master audio tape.; To replace the original soundtrack of a film with a synchronized translation; To mix audio tracks to produce a new sound; to remix.(n) A mostly instrumental remix with all or part of the vocals removed.; A style of reggae music involving mixing of different audio tracks.; A trend in music starting in 2009, in which bass distortion is synced off timing to electronic dance music.; A piece of graffiti in metallic colour with a thick black outline.; The replacement of a voice part in a movie or cartoon, particularly with a translation; an instance of dubbing.(n) A pool or puddle.(n) A twenty-dollar sack of marijuana.; A wheel rim measuring 20 inches or more.(v) To open or close.(n) A lock.; A key, especially a master key; a lockpick.(n) Clipping of double-u.; a win
Dub: (n) A Dubliner.
Dubai: (N) An emirate of the United Arab Emirates.; The capital city of Dubai emirate, United Arab Emirates.
dubbed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dub
dubbin: (n) A mixture of tallow and oil used to soften leather, and make it waterproof.(v) To apply dubbin to
Dublin: (N) The capital city of Ireland.; A traditional county of Ireland, now divided into the City of Dublin and three counties; Dún Laoghaire-Rathdown, Fingal and South Dublin.; The government of the Republic of Ireland.; A small town in South Australia.; A village in the Gomel Region, Belarus.; A community in the municipality of West Perth, Perth County, Ontario, Canada.; An unincorporated community in Montgomery County, Alabama, United States.; A city in Alameda County, California, United States.; An unincorporated community in Lake County, Florida, United States.; A city, the county seat of Laurens County, Georgia, United States.; A town in Jackson Township, Wayne County, Indiana, United States.; An unincorporated community in Graves County, Kentucky, United States.; An unincorporated community in Hartford County, Maryland, United States.; A ghost town in Barton County, Missouri, United States.; A town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States.; A former neighborhood of the city of Paterson, New Jersey, United States.; A small town in Bladen County, North Carolina, United States.; A city in Franklin County, Delaware County and Union County, Ohio, United States.; A borough of Bucks County, Pennsylvania, United States.; A city in Erath County, Texas, United States.; A town in Pulaski County, Virginia, United States.; The former name of Royal, an unincorporated community in Beaufort County, North Carolina, United States.
ducal: (aj) Of or pertaining to a duke, a duchess, or the duchy or dukedom they hold.
ducat: (n) A gold coin minted by various European nations.; A coin of the major denomination (dollar, euro, etc.); money in general.; A ticket.
Ducat: (N) A surname.
ducats: (n) plural of ducat
Ducats: (N) plural of Ducat
Duce: (N) A surname.(N) Alternative form of Il Duce
duchy: (n) A dominion or region ruled by a duke or duchess.
Duci: (n) plural Duce
duck: (v) To quickly lower the head or body, often in order to prevent it from being struck by something.; To quickly lower (the head or body), often in order to prevent it from being struck by something.; To lower (something) into water; to thrust or plunge under liquid and suddenly withdraw.; To go under the surface of water and immediately reappear; to plunge one's head into water or other liquid.; To bow.; To evade doing something.; To lower the volume of (a sound) so that other sounds in the mix can be heard more clearly.; To enter a place for a short moment.(n) A cave passage containing water with low, or no, airspace.(n) An aquatic bird of the family Anatidae, having a flat bill and webbed feet.; Specifically, an adult female duck; contrasted with drake and with duckling.; The flesh of a duck used as food.; A batsman's score of zero after getting out. (short for duck's egg, since the digit "0" is round like an egg.); A playing card with the rank of two.; A partly-flooded cave passage with limited air space.; A building intentionally constructed in the shape of an everyday object to which it is related.; A marble to be shot at with another marble (the shooter) in children's games.; A cairn used to mark a trail.; One of the weights used to hold a spline in place for the purpose of drawing a curve.; Synonym of lame duck (“one who cannot fulfil their contracts”); A long-necked medical urinal for men.(n) A tightly-woven cotton fabric used as sailcloth.; Trousers made of such material.(n) A term of endearment; pet; darling.; Dear, mate (informal way of addressing a friend or stranger).
Duck: (N) A surname, from nicknames.; A town in North Carolina.; An unincorporated community in West Virginia.
ducked: (v) simple past tense and past participle of duck
ducks: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of duck(n) plural of duck(n) A pair of twos.; Dear (used as a pet name).; The light trousers worn by sailors in hot climates.
ducky: (aj) Resembling or characteristic of a duck.(n) A duck (aquatic bird), especially a toy rubber duck.(n) An affectionate pet name.; A woman's breast.(aj) Darling, charming, cute.; Great; going well; proceeding in an eminently agreeable fashion.
duct: (n) a pipe, tube or canal which carries gas or liquid from one place to another; an enclosure or channel for electrical cable runs, telephone cables, or other conductors; a pipe, tube or canal which carries gas or liquid from one place to another; a vessel for conveying lymph or glandular secretions such as tears or bile; a pipe, tube or canal which carries gas or liquid from one place to another; a tube or elongated cavity (such as a xylem vessel) for conveying water, sap, or air; a layer (as in the atmosphere or the ocean) which occurs under usually abnormal conditions and in which radio or sound waves are confined to a restricted path; guidance, direction(v) to enclose in a duct; to channel something (such as a gas) or propagate something (such as radio waves) through a duct or series of ducts
ducts: (n) plural of duct(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of duct
dud: (n) A device or machine that is useless because it does not work properly or has failed to work, such as a bomb, or explosive projectile.; A failure of any kind.; A loser; an unlucky person.; A failure of any kind.; A lottery ticket that does not give a payout.; Clothes, now always used in plural form duds.
dude: (n) A man, generally a younger man.; A term of address for someone, typically a man, particularly when cautioning them or offering advice.; An inexperienced cowboy.; A tourist.; A man who is very concerned about his dress and appearance; a dandy, a fop.(i) A term of address, usually for a man, conveying awe, excitement, surprise, annoyance, etc.(v) To address someone as dude.; To take a vacation in a dude ranch.; Usually followed by up: to dress up, to wear smart or special clothes.
dudeen: (n) A short-stemmed Irish pipe made out of clay.
Dudley: (N) A town and metropolitan borough of the West Midlands, England.; A habitational surname, from Old English, notably of Robert Dudley, Earl of Leicester at the time of Elizabeth I.; A male given name transferred from the surname, of 19th century and later usage.
duds: (n) plural of dud(n) Clothing, especially for work or of rough appearance.
due: (aj) Owed or owing.; Appropriate.; Scheduled; expected.; Having reached the expected, scheduled, or natural time.; Owing; ascribable, as to a cause.; On a direct bearing, especially for the four points of the compass(av) Directly; exactly.(n) Deserved acknowledgment.; A membership fee.; That which is owed; debt; that which belongs or may be claimed as a right; whatever custom, law, or morality requires to be done, duty.; Right; just title or claim.
Due: (N) A surname.
dued: (v) plural of due
duel: (n) Arranged, regular combat between two private persons, often over a matter of honor.; Historically, the wager of battle (judicial combat).; Any struggle between two contending persons, groups or ideas.(v) To engage in a battle.
duelli: (n) plural of duello
duello: (n) A duel.
duels: (n) plural of duel(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of duel
duenna: (n) a chaperon of a young lady, usually an older woman.; a governess or nanny.
dues: (n) plural of due(n) Membership fees.
Dues: (N) plural of Due
duet: (n) A musical composition in two parts, each performed by a single voice (singer, instrument or univoce ensemble).; A song composed for and/or performed by a duo.; A pair or couple, especially one that is harmonious or elegant.(v) To perform a duet.; To communicate (warnings, mating calls, etc.) through song.; To perform (sing, play, etc.) as a duet.; (of two people) To say at the same time, to chorus.
Duet: (N) A surname.
duets: (n) plural of duet
Duets: (N) plural of Duet
duff: (n) Dough.; A stiff flour pudding, often with dried fruit, boiled in a cloth bag, or steamed.; A pudding-style dessert, especially one made with plums.(n) Decaying vegetable matter on the forest floor.; Coal dust, especially that left after screening or combined with other small, unsaleable bits of coal.; Fine and dry coal in small pieces, usually anthracite.; A mixture of coal and rock.; The bits left in the bottom of the bag after the booty has been consumed, like crumbs.; Something spurious or fake; a counterfeit, a worthless thing.; An error.(aj) Worthless; not working properly, defective.(n) The buttocks.(v) To disguise something to make it look new.; To alter the branding of stolen cattle; to steal cattle.; To beat up.; To hit the ground behind the ball.(n) Alternative form of daf (type of drum)
Duff: (N) A surname.; A placename; A village in Saskatchewan, Canada; A placename; An unincorporated community in Indiana, United States; A placename; An unincorporated community in Tennessee, United States; A male given name
duffel: (n) A kind of coarse woolen cloth, having a thick nap or frieze.; Outfit or supplies, collectively; kit.
duffer: (aj) comparative form of duff: more duff(n) An incompetent or clumsy person.; A player having little skill, especially a golfer who duffs.; A pedlar or hawker, especially one selling cheap or substandard goods.; Cheap or substandard goods sold by a duffer.; A cow that does not produce milk.; A cattle thief or thief of other livestock; one who alters the brands of cattle.; A racing pigeon that does not perform well.; Any of various nymphalid butterflies of the genus Discophora.
Duffer: (N) A surname.
dug: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dig (replacing earlier digged)(n) A mammary gland on a domestic mammal with more than two breasts.
dugong: (n) A plant-eating aquatic marine mammal, of the genus Dugong, found in tropical regions.
dugout: (n) A canoe made from a hollowed-out log.; A pit dug into the ground as a shelter, especially from enemy fire.; A sunken shelter at the side of a baseball or football (soccer) field where non-playing team members and staff sit during a game.; A small portable case for equipment used to smoke marijuana.; A pit used to catch and store rainwater or runoff.
duiker: (n) Any of several species of small southern African antelopes of the Cephalophinae subfamily.
duing: (v) plural of due
duke: (n) The male ruler of a duchy (female equivalent: duchess).; The sovereign of a small state.; A high title of nobility; the male holder of a dukedom.; A grand duke.; Any of various nymphalid butterflies of the Asian genera Bassarona and Dophla.; A fist.(v) To hit or beat with the fists.; To give cash to; to give a tip to.
Duke: (N) The title of a duke.; A male given name from English; mostly US and rather rare.; A surname, from occupations for service in the household of a duke, or from a nickname.; A male nickname; The American actor John Wayne.; Ellipsis of Duke University, a private university in Durham, North Carolina, USA.
dukes: (n) plural of duke(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of duke
Dukes: (N) A surname.; Ellipsis of Dukes County(N) plural of Duke
dulcet: (aj) Sweet, especially when describing voice or tones; melodious.; Generally pleasing; agreeable.; Sweet to the taste.
dulcets: (n) plural of dulcet
dulia: (n) The veneration of saints, distinguished from latria, the worship of God.
dull: (aj) Lacking the ability to cut easily; not sharp.; Boring; not exciting or interesting.; Not shiny; having a matte finish or no particular luster or brightness.; Not bright or intelligent; stupid; having slow understanding.; Sluggish, listless.; Cloudy, overcast.; Insensible; unfeeling.; Heavy; lifeless; inert.; Not intense; felt indistinctly or only slightly.; Not clear, muffled.(v) To render dull; to remove or blunt an edge or something that was sharp.; To soften, moderate or blunt; to make dull, stupid, or sluggish; to stupefy.; To lose a sharp edge; to become dull.; To render dim or obscure; to sully; to tarnish.
Dull: (N) A surname. of Scottish and German origin.(N) A village in Perth and Kinross council area, Scotland.
dulled: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dull
duller: (aj) comparative form of dull: more dull(n) One who, or that which, dulls.
dullier: (adj) plural of dully
dulliest: (adj) plural of dully
dully: (av) In a dull manner; without liveliness; without lustre.
dulse: (n) A seaweed of a reddish-brown color (Palmaria palmata) which is sometimes eaten, as in Scotland.
Duluth: (N) A city, the county seat of St. Louis County, Minnesota, United States.; A suburb of Atlanta, Georgia, United States.
duly: (av) In a due, fit, or becoming manner; as it ought to be; properly.; Regularly; at the proper time.
duma: (n) A Russian legislative assembly such as the historical duma of the Russian Empire or the modern lower house of the Federal Assembly (the Russian national parliament).; A drink mixing wine and vodka.
Duma: (N) A surname.(N) Alternative letter-case form of duma (“Russian legislative assembly”)
dumas: (n) plural of duma
Dumas: (N) A French surname, from French.; A city in Arkansas.; A town in Mississippi.; A city, the county seat of Moore County, Texas.; plural of Duma
dumb: (aj) Unable to speak; lacking power of speech (kept in "deaf, dumb, and blind").; Silent; unaccompanied by words.; Extremely stupid.; Pointless, foolish, lacking intellectual content or value.; Lacking brightness or clearness, as a colour.(v) To silence.; To make stupid.; To represent as stupid.; To reduce the intellectual demands of.
dumbly: (av) mutely; silently
dumdum: (n) A soft-nosed bullet that expands on impact to cause a gaping wound.(n) An ignorant person; an idiot.
Dumdum: (N) Alternative form of Dum Dum (“Indian city”)
dummier: (adj) plural of dummy
dummiest: (adj) plural of dummy
dummy: (n) A silent person; a person who does not talk.; A stupid person.; A figure of a person or animal used by a ventriloquist; a puppet.; Something constructed with the size and form of a human, to be used in place of a person.; A person who is the mere tool of another; a man of straw.; A deliberately nonfunctional device or tool used in place of a functional one.; A "dummy teat"; a plastic or rubber teat used to soothe or comfort a baby; a pacifier.; A player whose hand is shown and is to be played from by another player.; A word serving only to make a construction grammatical.; An unused parameter or value.; A feigned pass or kick or play in order to deceive an opponent.; A bodily gesture meant to fool an opposing player; a feint.; A newborn animal that is indifferent to stimulus and does not voluntarily move.(v) To make a mock-up or prototype version of something, without some or all off its intended functionality.; To feint.(av) Extremely.
dump: (n) A place where waste or garbage is left; a ground or place for dumping ashes, refuse, etc.; a disposal site.; A car or boat for dumping refuse, etc.; That which is dumped, especially in a chaotic way; a mess.; An act of dumping, or its result.; A formatted listing of the contents of program storage, especially when produced automatically by a failing program.; A storage place for supplies, especially military.; An unpleasant, dirty, disreputable, unfashionable, boring or depressing looking place.; An act of defecation; a defecating.; A sad, gloomy state of the mind; sadness; melancholy; despondency; A pile of ore or rock.; A melancholy strain or tune in music; any tune.; An old kind of dance.; A small coin made by punching a hole in a larger coin (called a holey dollar).; A temporary display case that holds many copies of an item being sold.(v) To release, especially in large quantities and chaotic manner.; To discard; to get rid of something one no longer wants.; To sell below cost or very cheaply; to engage in dumping.; To copy data from a system to another place or system, usually in order to archive it.; To output the contents of storage or a data structure, often in order to diagnose a bug.; To end a romantic relationship with.; To knock heavily; to stump.; To put or throw down with more or less of violence; hence, to unload from a cart by tilting it; To precipitate (especially snow) heavily.; Of a surf wave, to crash a swimmer, surfer, etc., heavily downwards.(n) A thick, ill-shapen piece.; A lead counter used in the game of chuck-farthing.(n) A deep hole in a river bed; a pool.
Dump: (N) A village in the Toledo District, Belize.
dumped: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dump
dumps: (n) plural of dump(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dump
dumpy: (aj) short and thick; stout or stocky; Of or relating to a garbage dump; rubbishy.(n) A short, stout person or animal, especially one of a breed of very short-legged chickens.; A small bottle of beer.; Short for dumpy level.
dun: (n) A brownish grey colour.(aj) Of a brownish grey colour.(n) A collector of debts, especially one who is insistent and demanding.; An urgent request or demand of payment.(v) To ask or beset a debtor for payment.; To harass by continually repeating e.g. a request.(n) A newly hatched, immature mayfly; a mayfly subimago.; A fly made to resemble the mayfly subimago.(n) An ancient or medieval fortification; especially a hill-fort in Scotland or Ireland.; A structure in the Orkney or Shetland islands or in Scotland consisting of a roundhouse surrounded by a circular wall; a broch.(v) Eye dialect spelling of done: past participle of do; Pronunciation spelling of don't: contraction of do + not.(v) To cure, as codfish, by laying them, after salting, in a pile in a dark place, covered with saltgrass or a similar substance.(n) A mound or small hill.(i) Imitating a deep bass note, such as that found in suspenseful music.(n) Alternative form of dhoon (“Himalayan valley”)
Dun: (N) A river in Wiltshire and Berkshire, England, which flows into the River Kennet.; A river in Wiltshire and Hampshire, England, which flows into the River Test.; An alternative name for the River Don in Yorkshire, England.; A river in County Antrim, Northern Ireland, alternatively named the Glendun River.; A settlement and parish in Angus council area, Scotland (OS grid ref NO6659).
DUN: (n) a state legislative assembly
Dunbar: (N) A town in East Lothian council area, Scotland (OS grid ref NT6778).; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Houston County, Georgia.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Butler County, Kentucky.; A number of places in the United States:; A village in Otoe County, Nebraska.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Washington County, Ohio.; A number of places in the United States:; A borough of Fayette County, Pennsylvania.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Wise County, Virginia.; A number of places in the United States:; A city in Kanawha County, West Virginia.; A number of places in the United States:; A town and census-designated place in Marinette County, Wisconsin.; A Scottish surname, from Scottish Gaelic.
Duncan: (N) A male given name from Scottish Gaelic anglicized from Scottish Gaelic Donnchadh; the name of two early saints and of two kings of Scotland.; A Scottish patronymic surname, from given names.; An Irish surname, from Irish, a variant of Dinkin.; An Irish surname, a variant of Donegan.; An Irish surname, a variant of Dunican.; An Irish surname, adopted as an anglicization of Ó Donnchadha (whence Donoghue).; A locality in South Australia, Australia; named for politician John Duncan.; A city in British Columbia, Canada; named for early settler William Chalmers Duncan.; A locale in the United States.; A city, the county seat of Stephens County, Oklahoma; named for early settler William Duncan.; A locale in the United States.; A town in South Carolina; named for landowner Leroy Duncan.; A locale in the United States.; A town in Arizona; named for copper businessman Duncan Smith.; A locale in the United States.; A town in Mississippi.; A locale in the United States.; A village in Nebraska; named for early resident Wood B. Duncan.; A locale in the United States.; A census-designated place in Iowa.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Indiana.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Casey County, Kentucky.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Mercer County, Kentucky.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Missouri.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in North Carolina.; A river in British Columbia, Canada; running 206 km near Mount Dawson into the Kootenay Lake; named for prospector John Duncan.; A short river in the Southern Alps, New Zealand.
dunce: (n) An unintelligent person.
dunces: (n) plural of dunce
Dundee: (N) A city in Scotland.; A council area of Scotland including the city, one of 32 created in 1996.; A rural locality in New South Wales, Australia.; A town in the Northern Territory, Australia.; A community in Restigouche County, New Brunswick, Canada.; A small community in Richmond County, Nova Scotia, Canada.; A township municipality of Quebec, Canada.; An unincorporated community in Geneva County, Alabama.; A town in Polk County, Florida.; An unincorporated community in Pipe Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States; A city in Delaware County, Iowa.; An unincorporated community in Barton County, Kansas.; An unincorporated community in Ohio County, Kentucky.; A village in Monroe County, Michigan.; A city in Nobles County, Minnesota.; An unincorporated community in Tunica County, Mississippi.; An unincorporated community in Franklin County, Missouri.; A neighborhood of Omaha, Nebraska.; A village in Yates County, New York.; A census-designated place in Tuscarawas, Ohio.; An unincorporated community in Carter County, Oklahoma.; A city in Yamhill County, Oregon.; An unincorporated community in Archer County, Texas.; An unincorporated community in Pittsylvania County, Virginia.; An unincorporated community in Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin.; A coal mining town in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.; Dundee a type of ketch which has a mainmast, with mainsail and topsail, and a mizzen just forward of the rudder.
dune: (n) A ridge or hill of sand piled up by the wind.
dunes: (n) plural of dune
dung: (n) Manure; animal excrement.; A type of manure, as from a particular species or type of animal.(v) To fertilize with dung.; To immerse or steep, as calico, in a bath of hot water containing cow dung, done to remove the superfluous mordant.; To release dung: to defecate.(v) past participle of ding(v) To discard (especially rubbish); to chuck out.(i) Alternative spelling of dong (“sound of a bell”)
dunite: (n) A type of igneous rock with a coarse-grained or phaneritic texture.
dunk: (v) To submerge briefly in a liquid.; To set down carelessly.; To put the ball directly downward through the hoop while grabbing onto the rim with power.; To put down on social media [+ on (object)].(n) The act of dunking, particularly in basketball.
Dunk: (N) A surname.
dunker: (n) Someone who dunks.; A person tasked with performing or training others in slam dunks.; A biscuit that is suitable for dunking in a cup of tea.; Any snack food suitable for dunking in sauce.; A kind of sonobuoy.
Dunker: (n) One of a religious denomination whose tenets and practices are mainly those of the Baptists, but partly those of the Quakers.; A member of the Church of the Brethren.
dunlin: (n) A small wading bird, Calidris alpina, found along the coast and having a distinctive black belly patch in its breeding plumage. A type of stint.
Dunlop: (N) A surname.; A village in East Ayrshire council area, Scotland (OS grid ref NS4149).(n) A tyre of the Dunlop brand.; A mild cheese from Dunlop in East Ayrshire, Scotland.
dunnest: (adj) plural of dun
dunno: (ab) Pronunciation spelling of do not know; pronunciation spelling of does not know.(n) An utterance of the word dunno.
duns: (n) plural of dun(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dun
Duns: (N) A town in the Scottish Borders council area, Scotland, historically in Berwickshire (OS grid ref NT7853).
dunt: (n) A stroke; a dull-sounding blow.(v) To strike; give a blow to; knock.(n) The disease gid or sturdy in sheep.(ab) Pronunciation spelling of don't.
duo: (n) Two people who work or collaborate together as partners; especially, those who perform music together.; Any pair of two people.; Any cocktail consisting of a spirit and a liqueur.; A song in two parts; a duet.
Duo: (N) An unincorporated community in West Virginia
duomo: (n) A cathedral, especially one in Italy.
dup: (v) to open (a door, gate etc.)
dupe: (n) A person who has been deceived.(v) To swindle, deceive, or trick.(n) A duplicate of a photographic image.; A duplicate of an order receipt printed for kitchen staff.; A duplicate.; A counterfeit; a fake.(v) To duplicate.
duped: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dupe
dupery: (n) The act or practice of duping; the condition of being deceived.
dupes: (n) plural of dupe(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dupe
dupion: (n) A double cocoon, made by two silkworms.; The silk from a double cocoon.
duple: (aj) Double.; Having two beats, or a multiple of two beats, in each measure.; Having two beats in each foot.
duplet: (n) A group of two things.; An empty box placed above the existing boxes of the beehive in order to allow the colony to expand or store additional honey.; A tuplet of two notes played in the time of three.
duplex: (aj) Double, made up of two parts.; Having two floors; Double, made up of two parts.; Having two units, divisions, suites, apartments; Bidirectional (in two directions).; Having horizons with contrasting textures.(n) A house made up of two dwelling units.; A dwelling unit with two floors; A cancellation combining a numerical cancellation with a second mark showing time, date, and place of posting.; A throwing motion where two balls are thrown with one hand at the same time.; A double-stranded polynucleotide.; A system of multiple thrust faults bounded above and below by a roof thrust and floor thrust.(v) To make duplex.; To make into a duplex.; To make a series of duplex throws.
duppy: (n) A ghost or spirit, often appearing in the form of a dog barking or howling through the night.; A drawn game of noughts and crosses (in Jamaica tii-taa-tuo).(v) To kill; to murder.; To excel in.
dura: (n) Ellipsis of dura mater.(n) Alternative form of durra.
durant: (n) Alternative form of durance; A strong cloth in imitation of buff leather.
Durant: (N) A surname.(N) An unincorporated community in Hillsborough County, Florida, United States.; A city in Cedar County, Muscatine County and Scott County, Iowa, United States.; A city in Holmes County, Mississippi, United States.; An unincorporated community in Polk County, Oklahoma, United States.; A city, the county seat of Bryan County, Oklahoma, United States.
durants: (n) plural of durant
Durban: (N) A city and seaport in KwaZulu-Natal, Republic of South Africa.; A surname.
durbar: (n) A ceremonial gathering held by a ruler in India.; An audience chamber.; The body of officials at a royal or princely court in India.
dure: (v) To last, continue, endure.(aj) hard; harsh; severe; rough
dures: (v) plural of dure
duress: (n) Harsh treatment.; Constraint by threat.; Restraint in which a person is influenced, whether by lawful or unlawful forceful compulsion of their liberty by monition or implementation of physical enforcement; legally for the incurring of civil liability, of a citizen's arrest, or of subrogation, or illegally for the committing of an offense, of forcing a contract, or of using threats.(v) To put under duress; to pressure.
Durham: (N) County Durham (a county in the Northeast of England); A city in and the county town of County Durham, England.; An English habitational surname, from Old English from the city in England.; An outback town in Queensland, Australia.; A locale in Canada.; A community in Nova Scotia; named for Lord Durham, Governor General of Canada.; A locale in Canada.; A community in Grey County, Ontario.; A locale in the United States.; A city, the county seat of Durham County, North Carolina; named for landowner Bartlett S. Durham.; A locale in the United States.; A town in New Hampshire.; A locale in the United States.; A town in Connecticut; named for the city in England.; A locale in the United States.; A census-designated place in Butte County, California; named for California politician W. W. Durham.; A locale in the United States.; A town in Maine; named for County Durham, England.; A locale in the United States.; A town in New York; named for the town in Connecticut.; A locale in the United States.; A city in Oregon; named for pioneer and Oregon Territory legislator Alberto Alonzo Durham.; A locale in the United States.; A city in Kansas; named for the breed of cattle.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Arkansas.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Georgia; named for Durham Coal and Coke Company.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Indiana.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Missouri; named for a railroad employee.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Oklahoma; named for postmaster Doris Durham Morris.(n) One of a breed of short-horned cattle, originating in the county of Durham, England, and noted for their beef-producing quality.
durian: (n) Any of several trees, genus Durio, of Southeast Asia.; The spiky edible fruit of this tree, known for its strong taste and very strong, unpleasant odor.; A yellow colour, like that of durian flesh (also called durian yellow).
during: (p) For all of a given time interval.; At any time or period within a given time interval.(v) present participle of dure
During: (N) A surname.
Duro: (N) A surname.
duroc: (n) A pig of a reddish breed developed in North America.
Duros: (N) plural of Duro (n) plural Duro
durra: (n) A kind of millet, a variety of sorghum; Indian millet (Sorghum bicolor).
durras: (n) plural of durra
durst: (v) simple past tense of dare
Durst: (N) A surname.
dusk: (n) A period of time at the end of day when the sun is below the horizon but before the full onset of night, especially the darker part of twilight.; A darkish colour.; The condition of being dusky; duskiness(v) To begin to lose light or whiteness; to grow dusk.; To make dusk.(aj) Tending to darkness or blackness; moderately dark or black; dusky.
dusky: (aj) Dimly lit, as at dusk (evening).; Having a shade of color that is rather dark.; Dark-skinned.; Ashen; having a greyish skin coloration.(n) A dusky shark.; A dusky dolphin.; A dusky grouse.
dust: (n) Fine particles; Fine, dry particles of matter found in the air and covering the surface of objects, typically consisting of soil lifted up by the wind, pollen, hair, etc.; Fine particles; Submicron particles in outer space, largely silicates and carbon compounds, that contribute greatly to extinction at visible wavelengths.; Fine particles; A single particle of earth or other material.; The act of cleaning by dusting.; The earth, as the resting place of the dead.; The earthy remains of bodies once alive; the remains of the human body.; Something worthless.; A low or mean condition.; cash; money (in reference to gold dust).; A disturbance or uproar.; A totally disconnected set of points with a fractal structure.(v) To remove dust from.; To remove dust; to clean by removing dust.; Of a bird, to cover itself in sand or dry, dusty earth.; To spray or cover something with fine powder or liquid.; To leave; to rush off.; To reduce to a fine powder; to levigate.; To kill.
Dust: (N) A surname.
dusted: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dust
duster: (n) An object, now especially a cloth, used for dusting surfaces etc.; Someone who dusts.; A loose-fitting long coat.; A revolving wire-cloth cylinder which removes the dust from rags, etc.; A blowing-machine for separating the flour from the bran.; A dry drill hole, one that does not produce oil or gas.; A vehicle-mounted, multi-barrelled, anti-aircraft gun.; A type of loose dress worn at home as well within the vicinity of one's home.; A block of felt strips, shaped ergonomically, used to remove chalk from a blackboard.; A high pitch toward the batter.
dustup: (n) A scuffle or fight.; An argument or dispute.
dusty: (aj) Covered with dust.; Powdery and resembling dust.; Grey in parts.; Old; outdated; stuffily traditional.; Ugly, disgusting (a general term of abuse)
Dusty: (N) A diminutive of the male given name Dustin.(N) a nickname for someone with the surname Miller
dutch: (n) wife(v) Alternative letter-case form of Dutch (“treat cocoa with alkali”)
Dutch: (aj) Of or pertaining to the Netherlands, the Dutch people or the Dutch language.; Pertaining to Germanic-speaking peoples on the European continent, chiefly the Dutch, the Germans, and the Goths; Teutonic; Germanic. Especially refers to Germans, and specific use to established German-speaking communities in parts of the USA.; Substitute, inferior, ersatz.; Thrifty.; Pertaining to Afrikaner culture (Cape Dutch).(N) The main language of the Netherlands and Flanders (i.e., the northern half of Belgium); Netherlandic.; German; the main language of the Holy Roman Empire (Germany, Austria, Alsace, Luxembourg).(n) The people of the Netherlands, or one of certain ethnic groups descending from the people of the Netherlands.; Afrikaner people (Cape Dutch).; The Pennsylvania Dutch people.(v) To treat cocoa beans or powder with an alkali solution to darken the color and lessen the bitterness of the flavor.
duties: (n) plural of duty
duty: (n) That which one is morally or legally obligated to do.; The state of being at work and responsible for or doing a particular task.; A tax placed on imports or exports; a tariff.; One's due, something one is owed; a debt or fee.; Respect; reverence; regard; act of respect; homage.; The efficiency of an engine, especially a steam pumping engine, as measured by work done by a certain quantity of fuel; usually, the number of pounds of water lifted one foot by one bushel of coal (94 lbs. old standard), or by 1 cwt. (112 lbs., England, or 100 lbs., United States).
Duty: (N) A surname.
dux: (n) The top (male or female) academic student in a school, or in a year of school; the top student in a specified academic discipline.; A high-ranking commander in the Roman army, responsible for more than one legion.; The subject of a fugue, answered by the comes.
dwarf: (n) Any member of a race of beings from (especially Scandinavian and other Germanic) folklore, usually depicted as having some sort of supernatural powers and being skilled in crafting and metalworking, often as short with long beards, and sometimes as clashing with elves.; A person of short stature, often one whose limbs are disproportionately small in relation to the body as compared with normal adults, usually as the result of a genetic condition.; An animal, plant or other thing much smaller than the usual of its sort.; A star of relatively small size.(aj) Miniature.(v) To render (much) smaller, turn into a dwarf (version).; To make appear (much) smaller, puny, tiny.; To make appear insignificant.; To become (much) smaller.; To hinder from growing to the natural size; to make or keep small; to stunt.
dwarfs: (n) plural of dwarf(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dwarf
dwell: (n) A period of time in which a system or component remains in a given state.; A brief pause in the motion of part of a mechanism to allow an operation to be completed.; A planned delay in a timed control program.; In a petrol engine, the period of time the ignition points are closed to let current flow through the ignition coil in between each spark. This is measured as an angle in degrees around the camshaft in the distributor which controls the points, for example in a 4-cylinder engine it might be 55° (spark at 90° intervals, points closed for 55° between each).(v) To live; to reside.; To linger (on) a particular thought, idea etc.; to remain fixated (on).; To be in a given state.; To abide; to remain; to continue.
dwells: (n) plural of dwell(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dwell
dwelt: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dwell
dwt: (n) Deadweight ton; deadweight tonnage.; pennyweight
DWT: (n) Alternative form of dwt; discrete wavelet transform
dyad: (n) A set of two elements treated as one; a pair.; Two persons in an ongoing relationship; dyadic relationship.; The relationship or interaction itself in reference to a couple.; Any set of two different pitch classes.; An element, atom, or radical having a valence of or combining power of two.; A chromosome structure, usually X- or V-shaped, consisting of two condensed sister chromatids joined by a centromere.; A secondary unit of organisation consisting of an aggregate of monads.; A tensor of order two and rank one.
dyadic: (aj) Pertaining to a dyad, the number two; of two parts or elements.; having an arity of two (taking two arguments or operands); Pertaining to the physical sex of a person who is exactly male or female in genetics, anatomy and hormone levels; not intersex.(n) The sum of two or more dyads
Dyak: (n) Alternative form of Dayak
dybbuk: (n) A malicious possessing spirit, believed to be the dislocated soul of a dead person.
dybbukkim: (n) plural of dybbuk
dye: (n) A colourant, especially one that has an affinity to the substrate to which it is applied.; Any hue, color, or blee.(v) To colour with dye, or as if with dye.(n) Alternative spelling of die (“singular of dice”)
Dye: (N) A surname.
dyed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of dye(aj) Coloured or tinted with dye, or as though therewith.
dyeing: (v) present participle of dye(n) The act by which something is dyed.
dyer: (n) One who dyes, especially one who dyes cloth etc. as an occupation.
Dyer: (N) An English occupational surname, from occupations for a dyer of cloth.; A town in Indiana, a suburb of Chicago; named for early settler Martha Dyer Hart.; A city in Tennessee.; A city in Arkansas; named for S. M. Dyer, who bought the town's land.; A census-designated place in Esmeralda County, Nevada; named for nearby Dyer's Ranch.; An unincorporated community in West Virginia; named for postmaster G. M. Dyer.; A river in Maine; running from Jefferson into the Sheepscot River at the village of Sheepscot in Newcastle.; A bay near Steuben, Maine.
dyes: (n) plural of dye(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of dye
Dyes: (N) plural of Dye
dying: (aj) Approaching death; about to die; moribund.; Declining, terminal, or drawing to an end.; Pertaining to death, or the moments before death.(n) The process of approaching death; loss of life; death.(v) present participle of die(v) present participle of dye
dyke: (n) A long, narrow hollow dug from the ground to serve as a boundary marker.; A long, narrow hollow dug from the ground to conduct water.; Any navigable watercourse.; Any watercourse.; Any small body of water.; Any hollow dug into the ground.; A place to urinate and defecate: an outhouse or lavatory.; An embankment formed by the creation of a ditch.; A city wall.; A low embankment or stone wall serving as an enclosure and boundary marker.; Any fence or hedge.; An earthwork raised to prevent inundation of low land by the sea or flooding rivers.; Any impediment, barrier, or difficulty.; A beaver's dam.; A jetty; a pier.; A raised causeway.; A fissure in a rock stratum filled with intrusive rock; a fault.; A body of rock (usually igneous) originally filling a fissure but now often rising above the older stratum as it is eroded away.(v) To dig, particularly to create a ditch.; To surround with a ditch, to entrench.; To surround with a low dirt or stone wall.; To raise a protective earthwork against a sea or river.; To scour a watercourse.; To steep [fibers] within a watercourse.(n) A lesbian, particularly one with masculine or butch traits or behavior.; A non-heterosexual woman.
Dyke: (N) A village in Lincolnshire, England.; A surname.
dykes: (n) plural of dyke
Dykes: (N) A surname.
Dylan: (N) A male given name from Welsh.; A surname.; A female given name
dynamo: (n) An electricity generator, a dynamo-electric machine.; The mechanism by which a celestial body, such as the Earth or a star, generates a magnetic field; An energetic person.
dynast: (n) A ruler or governor, especially a hereditary ruler or someone who founded or is part of a dynasty.
dyne: (n) A unit of force in the CGS system; the force required to accelerate a mass of one gram by one centimetre per second per second. Symbol: dyn.
dynode: (n) Any of a series of electrodes within a photomultiplier tube.
