h: (C) The eighth letter of the English alphabet, called aitch and written in the Latin script.(0) The ordinal number eighth, derived from this letter of the English alphabet, called aitch and written in the Latin script.(i) Used as a filler response when one does not have a response to use. Almost always used by itself.
H: (C) The eighth letter of the English alphabet, called aitch and written in the Latin script.(n) A grade of pencil with lead that makes darker marks than a pencil of grade 2H; a pencil with hard lead.; A pencil of grade H.(0) The ordinal number eighth, derived from this letter of the English alphabet, called aitch and written in the Latin script.(av) Synonym of AH: in the year of the Hegira, used to mark dates employing the Islamic calendar.(n) Hentai.
ha: (v) Alternative form of a (“have”)(i) A representation of laughter.; An exclamation of triumph or discovery.; An exclamation of grief.; A sound of hesitation: er, um.(i) Said when making a vigorous attack.
Ha: (n) An ethnic and linguistic group based in Kigoma Region in western Tanzania.(N) The dialect of Rwanda-Rundi spoken by this group.(N) In Egyptian mythology, a god of the deserts to the west of Egypt, associated with the underworld (Duat) and pictured as a man wearing the symbol for desert hills on his head.
haaf: (n) the open sea, especially as a place to fish; the practice of sea fishing for such as cod, ling and tusk
haafs: (n) plural of haaf
haar: (n) Thick, cold, wet fog along the northeastern coast of Northern England and Scotland.
Haar: (N) A municipality near Munich, Germany.
habile: (aj) Generally able or adroit; handy.
habit: (n) An action performed on a regular basis.; An action performed repeatedly and automatically, usually without awareness.; A long piece of clothing worn by monks and nuns.; A piece of clothing worn uniformly for a specific activity.; Outward appearance; attire; dress.; Form of growth or general appearance of a variety or species of plant or crystal.; An addiction.(v) To clothe.; To inhabit.
habits: (n) plural of habit(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of habit
hack: (v) To chop or cut down in a rough manner.; To cough noisily.; To withstand or put up with a difficult situation.; To make a quick code change to patch a computer program, often one that, while being effective, is inelegant or makes the program harder to maintain.; To accomplish a difficult programming task.; To work with something on an intimately technical level.; To apply a trick, shortcut, skill, or novelty method to something to increase productivity, efficiency or ease.; To hack into; to gain unauthorized access to (a computer system, e.g., a website, or network) by manipulating code.; To gain unauthorised access to a computer or online account belonging to (a person or organisation).; To strike an opponent with one's hockey stick, typically on the leg but occasionally and more seriously on the back, arm, head, etc.; To make a flailing attempt to hit the puck with a hockey stick.; To swing at a pitched ball.; To kick (a player) on the shins.; To strike in a frantic movement.; To strike lightly as part of tapotement massage.(n) A tool for chopping.; A hacking blow.; A gouge or notch made by such a blow.; A dry cough.; A hacking; a catch in speaking; a short, broken cough.; A try, an attempt.; The foothold traditionally cut into the ice from which the person who throws the rock pushes off for delivery.; A mattock or a miner's pickaxe.; An improvised device or solution to a problem.; An expedient, temporary solution, such as a small patch or change to code, meant to be replaced with a more elegant solution at a later date; a workaround.; A computer programmer who makes quick but inelegant changes to computer code to solve problems or add features.; A computer programmer, particularly a veteran or someone not immediately expected to be capable of programming.; An interesting technical achievement, particularly in computer programming.; A trick, shortcut, skill, or novelty method to increase productivity, efficiency or ease.; An illegal attempt to gain access to a computer network.; A video game or any computer software that has been altered from its original state.; Time check.; The act of striking an opponent with one's hockey stick, typically on the leg but occasionally and more seriously on the back, arm, head, etc.; A swing of the bat at a pitched ball by the batter, particularly a choppy, ungraceful one that misses the ball such as at a fastball.; A kick on the shins in football of any type.; Confinement of an officer to their stateroom as a punishment.; An airplane of poor quality or in poor condition.(n) A board which the falcon's food is placed on; used by extension for the state of partial freedom in which they are kept before being trained.; A food-rack for cattle.; A rack used to dry something, such as bricks, fish, or cheese.; A grating in a mill race.(v) To lay (bricks) on a rack to dry.; To keep (young hawks) in a state of partial freedom, before they are trained.(n) A horse for hire, especially one which is old and tired.; A person, often a journalist, hired to do routine work.; Someone who is available for hire; hireling, mercenary.; A taxicab (hackney cab) driver.; A vehicle let for hire; originally, a hackney coach, now typically a taxicab.; A hearse.; An untalented writer.; One who is professionally successful despite producing mediocre work. (Usually applied to persons in a creative field.); A talented writer-for-hire, paid to put others' thoughts into felicitous language.; A political agitator.; A person who frequently canvasses for votes, either directly or by appearing to continuously act with the ulterior motive of furthering their political career.; A writer who hires himself out for any sort of literary work; an overworked man; a drudge.; A procuress.(v) To make common or cliched; to vulgarise.; To ride a horse at a regular pace; to ride on a road (as opposed to riding cross-country etc.).; To live the life of a drudge or hack.; To use as a hack; to let out for hire.; To use frequently and indiscriminately, so as to render trite and commonplace.; To drive a hackney cab.(n) A small ball usually made of woven cotton or suede and filled with rice, sand or some other filler, for use in hackeysack.(v) To play hackeysack.
hacked: (v) simple past tense and past participle of hack
hacker: (n) One who is expert at programming and solving problems with a computer.; One who uses a computer to gain unauthorized access to data, or to carry out malicious attacks.; A computer security professional.; Something that hacks; a tool or device for hacking.; A fork-shaped tool used to harvest root vegetables.; Someone who hacks.; Particularly, one who cuts with rough or heavy blows.; Someone who hacks.; Particularly, one who kicks wildly or roughly.; Someone who hacks.; Particularly, one who is consistent and focuses on accomplishing a task or several tasks.; One who is inexperienced or unskilled at a particular activity, especially a sport such as golf or tennis.; One who operates a taxicab.
Hacker: (N) A surname.
hackle: (n) An instrument with steel pins used to comb out flax or hemp.; One of the long, narrow feathers on the neck of birds, most noticeable on the rooster.; A feather used to make a fishing lure or a fishing lure incorporating a feather.; By extension (because the hackles of a rooster are lifted when it is angry), the hair on the nape of the neck in dogs and other animals; also used figuratively for humans.; A type of jagged crack extending inwards from the broken surface of a fractured material.; A plate with rows of pointed needles used to blend or straighten hair.; A feather plume on some soldier's uniforms, especially the hat or helmet.; Any flimsy substance unspun, such as raw silk.(v) To dress (flax or hemp) with a hackle; to prepare fibres of flax or hemp for spinning.; To separate, as the coarse part of flax or hemp from the fine, by drawing it through the teeth of a hackle or hatchel.; To tear asunder; to break into pieces.
hacks: (n) plural of hack(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hack
had: (v) Simple past tense and past participle of have.; Used to form the past perfect tense, expressing an action that took place prior to a reference point that is itself in the past.; As past subjunctive: would have.
hadden: (v) plural of had
Hadden: (N) A surname.
hadding: (v) plural of had
hade: (n) State; order, estate, rank, degree, or quality.(v) To slope or incline from the vertical.(n) A slope; (in mining) the slope of a vein, fault or dike from the vertical; the complement of the dip.(n) A headland; a strip of land at the side of a field upon which a plough may be turned.
hades: (n) plural of hade(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hade
Hades: (N) The god of the underworld and ruler of the dead, son of Cronus and Rhea, brother of Zeus and Poseidon.; The underworld, the domain of Hades, by transference from its god.; In the Septuagint Bible, the Greek translation of Sheol.; Hell.; Hell as a waiting place for damned souls before the Last Judgement, after which they may be cast in Gehenna.
hadj: (n) Alternative spelling of hajj
hadji: (n) Alternative spelling of hajji
hadron: (n) A composite particle that comprises two or more quarks held together by the strong force and (consequently) can interact with other particles via said force; a meson or a baryon.
hads: (v) plural of had
hadst: (v) second-person singular simple past form of have
hae: (v) Alternative form of have
haed: (v) plural of hae
haemal: (aj) Pertaining to the blood or blood vessels.; Ventral rather than neural.
haemic: (aj) Alternative spelling of hemic
haemin: (n) Alternative spelling of hemin
haen: (v) plural of hae
haes: (v) plural of hae
hafiz: (n) a Muslim who has memorized the whole Qur'an
Hafiz: (N) A surname, from Arabic.
haft: (n) The handle of a tool or weapon.(v) To fit a handle to (a tool or weapon); to grip by the handle(n) A piece of mountain pasture to which a farm animal has become hefted.
hag: (n) A witch, sorceress, or enchantress; a wizard.; An ugly old woman.; A fury; a she-monster.; A hagfish; one of various eel-like fish of the family Myxinidae, allied to the lamprey, with a suctorial mouth, labial appendages, and a single pair of gill openings.; A hagdon or shearwater; one of various sea birds of the genus Puffinus.; An appearance of light and fire on a horse's mane or a man's hair.; The fruit of the hagberry, Prunus padus.; sleep paralysis(n) A small wood, or part of a wood or copse, which is marked off or enclosed for felling, or which has been felled.; A quagmire; mossy ground where peat or turf has been cut.(v) To harass; to weary with vexation.
hagbut: (n) An arquebus, a firearm with a long barrel.
Hagen: (N) A city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany(N) A Burgundian hero of Germanic legend.
Haggai: (N) A book of the Old Testament of the Bible and the Tanakh.
haggle: (v) To argue for a better deal, especially over prices with a seller.; To hack (cut crudely); To stick at small matters; to chaffer; to higgle.
hags: (n) plural of hag(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hag
HAGS: (ph) have a good (or great) summer(n) hide and go seek
Hague: (N) A surname.; A town in New York; A city in North Dakota; A town in Saskatchewan; Shortened or attributive form of The Hague.
hah: (i) Alternative form of ha; Alternative form of huh(n) Alternative form of heh (Semitic letter)
haiduk: (n) Alternative spelling of hajduk
Haifa: (N) A city in northern Israel.
Haig: (N) A surname, from Old Norse.; Douglas Haig, 1st Earl Haig, British general.(N) Alternative spelling of Hayk
haik: (n) A covering for the head and body worn by Arabs.
Haik: (N) Alternative spelling of Hayk
haika: (n) plural of haik
haiku: (n) A Japanese poem in three lines, the first and last consisting of five morae, and the second consisting of seven morae, usually with an emphasis on the season or a naturalistic theme.; A three-line poem in any language, with five syllables in the first and last lines and seven syllables in the second, usually with an emphasis on the season or a naturalistic theme.
hail: (n) Balls or pieces of ice falling as precipitation, often in connection with a thunderstorm.(v) Of hail, to fall from the sky.; To send or release hail.; To pour down in rapid succession.(aj) Healthy, whole, safe.(v) To greet; give salutation to; salute.; To name; to designate; to call.; To call out loudly in order to gain the attention of.; To signal in order to initiate communication with.(i) An exclamation of respectful or reverent salutation, or, occasionally, of familiar greeting.
Hail: (N) A surname.
hailed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of hail
hails: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hail
Hails: (N) plural of Hail
hair: (n) A pigmented filament of keratin which grows from a follicle on the skin of humans and other mammals.; The collection or mass of such growths growing from the skin of humans and animals, and forming a covering for a part of the head or for any part or the whole body.; A slender outgrowth from the chitinous cuticle of insects, spiders, crustaceans, and other invertebrates. Such hairs are totally unlike those of vertebrates in structure, composition, and mode of growth.; A cellular outgrowth of the epidermis, consisting of one or of several cells, whether pointed, hooked, knobbed, or stellated.; Any slender, flexible outgrowth, filament, or fiber growing or projecting from the surface of an object or organism.; A locking spring or other safety device in the lock of a rifle, etc., capable of being released by a slight pressure on a hair-trigger.; Haircloth; a hair shirt.; Any very small distance, or degree; a hairbreadth.; Complexity; difficulty; the quality of being hairy.(v) To remove the hair from.; To grow hair (where there was a bald spot).; To cause to have or bear hair; to provide with hair; To string the bow for a violin.
Hair: (N) A surname.
hairdo: (n) A hairstyle.; A haircut.
haired: (aj) Bearing one's own hair as grown and yet attached; neither bald nor hairless.; Bearing some specific type of hair.(v) simple past tense and past participle of hair
hairs: (n) plural of hair
Hairs: (N) plural of Hair
hairy: (aj) Of a person, having a lot of hair on the body.; Of an animal, having a lot of fur.; Of a body part other than the head, having hair growing from it.; Difficult, complex, intricate, or intimidating.; Causing anxiety or fright; terrifying, scary.
Haiti: (N) A country in the Caribbean. Official name: Republic of Haiti.; Synonym of Hispaniola.
hajj: (n) The pilgrimage to Mecca made by pious Muslims; one of the five pillars of Islam.
hajji: (n) a Muslim who has participated in a hajj.; A Muslim or Arab.
hake: (n) A hook; a pot-hook.; A kind of weapon; a pike.; (in the plural) The draught-irons of a plough.(n) One of several species of marine gadoid fishes, of the genera Phycis, Merluccius, and allies.(n) A drying shed, as for unburned tile.(v) To loiter; to sneak.
Hake: (N) A surname.
hakim: (n) A doctor, usually practicing traditional medicine.(n) A judge or governor in Islamic India.
Hakim: (N) A surname, from Arabic.; A male given name from Arabic
hale: (aj) Sound, entire, healthy; robust, not impaired.(n) Health, welfare.(v) To drag or pull, especially forcibly.
Hale: (N) A topographic surname, from Old English.; A village in the Metropolitan Borough of Trafford, Greater Manchester, England (OS grid ref SJ7786).
haler: (aj) comparative form of hale: more hale(n) Alternative form of heller (“currency unit, 100th of a koruna”)
half: (n) One of two usually roughly equal parts into which anything may be divided, or considered as divided.; One of the two opposite parts of the playing field of various sports, in which each starts the game.; Half of a standard measure, chiefly: (Britain) half a pint of beer or cider.; The fraction obtained by dividing 1 by 2.; Any of the three terms at Eton College, for Michaelmas, Lent, and summer.; A half sibling.; A child ticket.; abbreviated form for half marathon.(aj) Consisting of a half (½, 50%).; Consisting of some indefinite portion resembling a half; approximately a half, whether more or less; partial; imperfect.; Having one parent (rather than two) in common.; Related through one common grandparent or ancestor rather than two.(av) In two equal parts or to an equal degree.; In some part approximating a half.; Partially; imperfectly.; Practically, nearly.(v) To halve.(p) Half past; a half-hour (30 minutes) after the last hour.; A half-hour to (preceding) the next hour.(i) A call reminding performers that the performance will begin in thirty minutes.
halide: (n) A salt of any halogen acid.
halite: (n) Native salt; sodium chloride NaCl as a mineral; rock salt.; An oxyanion containing a halogen in the +3 oxidation state.
hall: (n) A corridor; a hallway.; A meeting room.; A manor house (originally because a magistrate's court was held in the hall of his mansion).; A building providing student accommodation at a university.; The principal room of a secular medieval building.; Cleared passageway through a crowd, as for dancing.; A place for special professional education, or for conferring professional degrees or licences.; A living room.; A college's canteen, which is often but not always coterminous with a traditional hall.; A meal served and eaten at a college's hall.
Hall: (N) A surname.; A British and Scandinavian topographic surname, from Middle English for someone who lived in or near a hall.; A surname.; A surname, from German of German origin for someone associated with a salt mine.; A surname.; An Anglo-Norman surname.; A village in the Australian Capital Territory, Australia.(n) Hall class, a class of steam locomotive used on the GWR.
hallah: (n) Alternative form of challah
hallan: (n) The passage or space between the outer and inner door of a cottage; the partition between the passage and the room.
Halle: (N) A city in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.; A female given name.
hallel: (n) A hymn of praise chanted during the Passover supper, consisting of Psalms cxiii to cxviii.
Halley: (N) A surname, from Irish.
hallo: (i) Alternative form of hello; A cry of surprise.(n) The cry "hallo!"; A shout of exultation.(v) To shout, or to call with a loud voice.; To chase while shouting "hallo!"; To cry "hallo" (to someone).; To shout (something).
halloo: (i) Used to greet someone, or to catch their attention.; Used in hunting to urge on the pursuers.(n) A shout of halloo.(v) To shout halloo.; To encourage with shouts; to egg (someone) on.; To chase with shouts or outcries.; To call or shout to; to hail.; To shout (something).
hallow: (n) A saint; a holy person; an apostle.; The relics or shrines of saints or non-Christian gods.(v) To make holy, to sanctify.(v) To shout, especially to urge on dogs for hunting.(n) A shout, cry; a hulloo.(aj) Alternative spelling of hollow
halls: (n) plural of hall(n) Student accommodation
Halls: (n) plural of Hall(N) plural of Hall(N) A surname.
hallux: (n) The big toe.
halm: (n) Alternative spelling of haulm
halo: (n) A circular band of coloured light, visible around the sun or moon etc., caused by reflection and refraction of light by ice crystals in the atmosphere.; A cloud of gas and other matter surrounding and captured by the gravitational field of a large diffuse astronomical object, such as a galaxy or cluster of galaxies.; Anything resembling this band, such as an effect caused by imperfect developing of photographs.; nimbus, a luminous disc, often of gold, around or over the heads of saints, etc., in religious paintings.; The metaphorical aura of glory, veneration or sentiment which surrounds an idealized entity.; The bias caused by the halo effect.; a circular annulus ring, frequently luminous, often golden, floating above the head; A circular brace used to keep the head and neck in position.; A rollbar placed in front of the driver, used to protect the cockpit of a open cockpit racecar.; Short for halo headlight.(v) To encircle with a halo.
Halo: (n) A member of the Angels Major League Baseball team.
haloid: (aj) Resembling salt; said of certain binary compounds consisting of a metal united to a negative element or radical, and now chiefly applied to the chlorides, bromides, iodides, and sometimes the fluorides and cyanides.(n) Any haloid substance.
halt: (v) To limp; move with a limping gait.; To stand in doubt whether to proceed, or what to do; hesitate; be uncertain; linger; delay; mammer.; To be lame, faulty, or defective, as in connection with ideas, or in measure, or in versification.; To waver.; To falter.(v) To stop marching.; To stop either temporarily or permanently.; To bring to a stop.; To cause to discontinue.(n) A cessation, either temporary or permanent.; A minor railway station (usually unstaffed) in the United Kingdom.(aj) Lame, limping.(n) Lameness; a limp.
halted: (v) simple past tense and past participle of halt
halter: (n) A bitless headpiece of rope or straps, placed on the head of animals such as cattle or horses to lead or tie them.; A rope with a noose, for hanging criminals; the gallows rope.; A halter top.(v) To place a halter on.(n) One who halts or limps; a cripple.(n) Alternative form of haltere
halts: (n) plural of halt(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of halt
halutz: (n) A pioneer, especially one of the early Jewish immigrants to Palestine.
halvah: (n) Alternative spelling of halva
halve: (v) To reduce to half the original amount.; To divide into two halves.; To make up half of.; To join two pieces of timber etc. by cutting away each for half its thickness at the joining place, and fitting together.; In match play, to achieve a tie or draw on.
halves: (n) plural of half(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of halve
ham: (n) The region back of the knee joint; the popliteal space; the hock.; A thigh and buttock of an animal slaughtered for meat.; Meat from the thigh of a hog cured for food.; The back of the thigh.; Electronic mail that is wanted; mail that is not spam or junk mail.(n) Obsolete form of home.(n) An overacting or amateurish performer; an actor with an especially showy or exaggerated style.; An amateur radio operator.(v) To overact; to act with exaggerated emotions.
Ham: (N) A surname.; A suburban area in Richmond upon Thames borough and Kingston upon Thames borough, Greater London, England (OS grid ref TQ1771).; Two districts (East Ham and West Ham) in Newham borough, Greater London.; A hamlet in Kent, England.; A small village and civil parish in eastern Wiltshire, England, south of Hungerford, West Berkshire (OS grid ref SU3363).; A village in Caithness, Highland council area, Scotland (OS grid ref ND2373)(N) A son of Noah and the brother of Japheth and Shem.
hamal: (n) A porter in Turkey and nearby countries.
Hamal: (N) An orange giant and the brightest star in the constellation Aries; alpha (α) Arietis.
hamate: (aj) Hooked at the end.(n) The hamate bone.
hame: (n) A covering, skin, membrane.(n) Part of the harness that fits round the neck of a draught horse that the reins pass through.(n) Scottish form of home(n) Alternative form of halm
hamed: (v) plural of hame
haming: (v) plural of hame
hamite: (n) Any member of the Hamites.
Hamite: (n) A descendant of Ham, son of Noah, a member of the nations or peoples supposedly descended from Ham, i.e. the North African and the Horn African peoples
hamlet: (n) A small village or a group of houses.; A village that does not have its own church.; Any of the fish of the genus Hypoplectrus in the family Serranidae.
Hamlet: (N) A William Shakespeare play about the Danish royal family.; The eponymous main character of William Shakespeare's play, whose father's ghost, murdered by Hamlet's uncle, exhorts him to seek revenge.; A male given name.; A surname.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Marin County, California.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Mercer County, Illinois.; A number of places in the United States:; A town in Starke County, Indiana, named after John Hamlet.; A number of places in the United States:; A village in Hayes County, Nebraska, so-named as it was regarded as a hamlet.; A number of places in the United States:; A hamlet in Chautauqua County, New York.; A number of places in the United States:; A city in Richmond County, North Carolina.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Clatsop County, Oregon, regarded as a hamlet.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Raleigh County, West Virginia, so-named for its small size.; A locality in Alberta, Canada, named after William Hamlet.
HAMLET: (n) A protein complex of alpha-lactalbumin and oleic acid that induces apoptosis in tumor cells, but not in healthy cells.
hammer: (n) A tool with a heavy head and a handle used for pounding.; The act of using a hammer to hit something.; A moving part of a firearm that strikes the firing pin to discharge a gun.; The malleus, a small bone of the middle ear.; In a piano or dulcimer, a piece of wood covered in felt that strikes the string.; A device made of a heavy steel ball attached to a length of wire, and used for throwing.; The last stone in an end.; A frisbee throwing style in which the disc is held upside-down with a forehand grip and thrown above the head.; Part of a clock that strikes upon a bell to indicate the hour.; One who, or that which, smites or shatters.; Short for hammer headline.; The accelerator pedal.(v) To strike repeatedly with a hammer, some other implement, the fist, etc.; To form or forge with a hammer; to shape by beating.; To emphasize a point repeatedly.; To hit particularly hard.; To ride very fast.; To strike internally, as if hit by a hammer.; To defeat (a person, a team) resoundingly; To make high demands on (a system or service).; To declare (a person) a defaulter on the stock exchange.; To beat down the price of (a stock), or depress (a market).; To have hard sex with
Hammer: (n) someone connected with West Ham Football Club, as a fan, player, coach etc.(N) A surname.
hammy: (aj) Resembling or characteristic of ham.; Amateurish; characterized by overacting.(n) Clipping of hamstring; a hamstring injury.(n) A hamster.
Hammy: (N) A diminutive of the male given name Hamilton.
hamper: (n) A large basket, usually with a cover, used for the packing and carrying of articles or small animals; A wicker or plastic basket specifically for holding laundry (from clothes hamper), as opposed to a covered wicker basket which is a true hamper; A gift basket.(v) To put into a hamper.(v) To put a hamper or fetter on; to shackle; To impede in motion or progress.(n) A shackle; a fetter; anything which impedes.; Articles ordinarily indispensable, but in the way at certain times.
hams: (n) plural of ham; The hamstring muscles; the biceps femoris
Hams: (N) plural of Ham
hamza: (n) A sign (ء (ʾ) - a stand-alone hamza) used in the written Arabic language representing a glottal stop. Hamza may appear as a stand-alone letter or most commonly diacritically over or under other letters, e.g. أ (ʾ) (over an alif - ا), إ (ʾ) (under an alif), ؤ (ʾ) (over a wāw - و (w)) or ئ (ʾ) (over a dotless yāʾ - ى). The exact seat of hamza is governed by an orthographic rule - "seat of hamza rule".
Hamza: (N) A male given name from Arabic.; The Muslim Sahabi Hamza ibn Abdul-Muttalib.; A surname, from Arabic.
han: (v) plural simple present of have(n) Resentment, as a part of the Korean cultural identity.
Han: (N) An imperial Chinese dynasty, ruling (with interruptions) from 206 BC to AD 220, marked by the expansion of the Yellow River's Huaxia culture to the recent conquests of the Qin and a flowering of economic, literary, and scientific development; The Chinese ethnicity, when distinguished from other peoples of the Chinese state; A river in central China.(N) An ancient Chinese county, viscounty, and kingdom of the Zhou dynasty and the Qin–Han interregnum; The realm of this former state under other rulers; The star Zeta Ophiuchi in traditional Chinese astronomy, named for this state; A surname.(N) A Korean surname, from Korean.(N) A First Nations people of Canada and an Alaska Native Athabaskan people of the Athabaskan-speaking ethnolinguistic group.; The Northern Athabaskan language spoken by the Han people, or Hän Hwëch'in, in Alaska and the Yukon.
hance: (v) To raise, to elevate.(n) A curve or arc, especially in architecture or in the design of a ship.; The arc of smaller radius at the springing of an elliptical or many-centred arch.
Hance: (N) A patronymic surname, from given names.
hand: (n) The part of the forelimb below the forearm or wrist in a human, and the corresponding part in many other animals.; That which resembles, or to some extent performs the office of, a human hand.; A limb of certain animals, such as the foot of a hawk, or any one of the four extremities of a monkey.; That which resembles, or to some extent performs the office of, a human hand.; An index or pointer on a dial; such as the hour and minute hands on the face of an analog clock, which are used to indicate the time of day.; That which is, or may be, held in a hand at once.; The set of cards held by a player.; That which is, or may be, held in a hand at once.; A bundle of tobacco leaves tied together.; That which is, or may be, held in a hand at once.; A bunch of bananas.; That which has the appearance of, a human hand.; A bunch of bananas, a typical retail amount, where individual fruits are fingers.; In linear measurement:; Four inches, a hand's breadth.; In linear measurement:; Three inches.; A side; part, camp; direction, either right or left.; Power of performance; means of execution; ability; skill; dexterity.; An agent; a servant, or manual laborer; a workman, trained or competent for special service or duty.; A performer more or less skilful.; An instance of helping.; Handwriting; style of penmanship.; A person's autograph or signature.; Promise, word.; Personal possession; ownership.; Management, domain, control.; Applause.; A Native American gambling game, involving guessing the whereabouts of bits of ivory or similar, which are passed rapidly from hand to hand.; The small part of a gunstock near the lock, which is grasped by the hand in taking aim.; A whole rhizome of ginger.; The feel of a fabric; the impression or quality of the fabric as judged qualitatively by the sense of touch.; Actual performance; deed; act; workmanship; agency; hence, manner of performance.; Agency in transmission from one person to another.; Rate; price.(v) To give, pass or transmit with the hand, literally or figuratively.; To lead, guide, or assist with the hand; to conduct.; To manage.; To seize; to lay hands on.; To pledge by the hand; to handfast.; To furl.; To cooperate.
Hand: (N) A surname.
handed: (aj) Having a certain kind or number of hands.; Having a peculiar or characteristic hand or way of treating others.; With hands joined; hand in hand.(v) simple past tense and past participle of hand
Handel: (N) A surname, from German; (music) used specifically of George Frideric Handel (1685–1759), a German-British Baroque composer.
handle: (n) The part of an object which is (designed to be) held in the hand when used or moved.; An instrument for effecting a purpose (either literally or figuratively); a tool, or an opportunity or pretext.; The gross amount of wagering within a given period of time or for a given event at one of more establishments.; The tactile qualities of a fabric, e.g., softness, firmness, elasticity, fineness, resilience, and other qualities perceived by touch.; A name, nickname or pseudonym.; A title attached to one's name, such as Doctor or Colonel.; A reference to an object or structure that can be stored in a variable.; A 10 fluid ounce (285 mL) glass of beer.; A half-gallon (1.75-liter) bottle of alcohol.; A point, an extremity of land.; A topological space homeomorphic to a ball but viewed as a product of two lower-dimensional balls.; The smooth, irreducible subcurve of a comb which connects to each of the other components in exactly one point.(v) To touch; to feel or hold with the hand(s).; To accustom to the hand; to take care of with the hands.; To manage, use, or wield with the hands.; To manage, control, or direct.; To treat, to deal with (in a specified way).; To deal with (a subject, argument, topic, or theme) in speaking, in writing, or in art.; To receive and transfer; to have pass through one's hands; hence, to buy and sell.; To be concerned with; to be an expert in.; To put up with; to endure (and continue to function).; To use the hands.; To illegally touch the ball with the hand or arm; to commit handball.; To behave in a particular way when handled (managed, controlled, directed).
hands: (n) plural of hand(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hand
Hands: (N) A surname.
handy: (aj) Easy to use, useful.; Nearby, within reach.; Of a person: dexterous, skilful.; Physically violent; tending to use one's fists.; Of a freight ship: having a small cargo capacity (less than 40,000 DWT); belonging to the handysize class.(n) A hand job.(n) A handgun.(n) Synonym of mobile phone
Handy: (N) A surname, from nicknames.; A male given name from English.
hang: (v) To be or remain suspended.; To float, as if suspended.; To veer in one direction.; To rebound unexpectedly or unusually slowly, due to backward spin on the ball or imperfections of the ground.; To hold or bear in a suspended or inclined manner or position instead of erect.; To cause (something) to be suspended, as from a hook, hanger, hinges, or the like.; To kill (someone) by suspension from the neck, usually as a form of execution or suicide.; To be executed by suspension by one's neck from a gallows, a tree, or other raised bar, attached by a rope tied into a noose.; (used in maledictions) To damn.; To loiter; to hang around; to spend time idly.; To exhibit (an object) by hanging.; To apply (wallpaper or drywall to a wall).; To decorate (something) with hanging objects.; To remain persistently in one's thoughts.; To prevent from reaching a decision, especially by refusing to join in a verdict that must be unanimous.; To stop responding to manual input devices such as keyboard and mouse.; To cause (a program or computer) to stop responding.; To cause (a piece) to become vulnerable to capture.; To be vulnerable to capture.; Of a pitcher, to throw a hittable off-speed pitch.; To attach or cause to stick (a charge or accusation, etc.).(n) The way in which something hangs.; A grip, understanding.; An instance of ceasing to respond to input.; A sharp or steep declivity or slope.; A mass of hanging material.; The smallest amount of concern or consideration; a damn.(n) Cheap processed ham (cured pork), often made specially for sandwiches.(n) Alternative spelling of Hang (“musical instrument”)
Hang: (n) Name and trademark of a musical instrument invented and built by PANArt Hangbau AG.
hangar: (n) A large garage-like structure where aircraft are kept.; A covered shed for carriages.(v) To store (an aircraft) in a hangar.
hanged: (v) simple past tense and past participle of hang (now only when referring to the method of execution)(aj) damned (as an intensifier or vehement denial)
hanger: (n) One who hangs, or causes to be hanged; a hangman, paper hanger, etc.; A person who attempts suicide by hanging.; That by which a thing is suspended.; A strap hung to the girdle, by which a dagger or sword is suspended.; That by which a thing is suspended.; A bridle iron.; That by which a thing is suspended.; A clothes hanger.; A short and broad backsword, worn so to hang at the side, especially popular in the 18th century.; A steep, wooded slope.; A hanging pitch; a pitch (typically a breaking ball or slider) that is poorly executed, hence easy to hit.; Synonym of spectacular mark(n) Hunger and anger, especially when the anger is induced by the hunger.
Hanger: (N) A surname.
hangs: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hang
hank: (n) A coil or loop of something, especially twine, yarn, or rope.; A ring or shackle that secures a staysail to its stay and allows the sail to glide smoothly up and down.; Doubt, difficulty.; Mess, tangle.; A rope or withe for fastening a gate.; Hold; influence.; A throw in which a wrestler turns his left side to his opponent, twines his left leg about his opponent's right leg from the inside, and throws him backward.(v) To form into hanks.; To fasten with a rope, as a gate.
Hank: (N) A diminutive of the male given name Henry.; A diminutive of the given name Hankin (a medieval form of John).
hanker: (v) To crave, want or desire.
Hannah: (N) Mother of the prophet Samuel in the Old Testament.; A female given name from Hebrew.; A city in North Dakota, United States.; An unincorporated community in South Carolina, United States.(n) A Wren serving with the Royal Marines.(N) An Irish and Scottish surname, a variant of Hanna.
Hanoi: (N) The capital city of Vietnam.
hanse: (n) Alternative form of Hanse, a merchant guild or a former commercial league of German cities.; The guildhall of a Hanse.; A fee payable to the Hanse, particularly its entrance fee and the impost levied on non-members trading in its area.(n) That part of an elliptical or many-centred arch which has the shorter radius and immediately adjoins the impost.
Hanse: (n) A merchant guild, particularly the Fellowship of London Merchants (the "Old Hanse") given a monopoly on London's foreign trade by the Normans or its successor, the Company of Merchant Adventurers (the "New Hanse"), incorporated in 1497 and chartered under Henry VII and Elizabeth I.; The rights and privileges of such guilds, particularly their trade monopolies.; A commercial association of Scottish free burghs in the Middle Ages.; The Hanseatic League: a commercial association of German towns in the Middle Ages.; Alternative form of hanse, the fees payable to a Hanse or its guildhall.
hansel: (n) Alternative form of handsel(v) Alternative form of handsel
Hansel: (N) An Anglicised spelling of the German given name Hänsel. English equivalent: Johnny.; A fictional character in the German fairy tale Hansel and Gretel.
hansom: (n) A Hansom cab; a carriage
Hansom: (N) A patronymic surname, from given names.
hap: (n) Happenings; events; goings-on.; That which happens; an occurrence or happening, especially an unexpected, random, chance, or fortuitous event; chance; fortune; luck.(v) To happen; to befall; to chance.; To happen to.(n) A wrap, such as a quilt or a comforter. Also, a small or folded blanket placed on the end of a bed to keep feet warm.(v) To wrap, clothe.(n) Any of the cichlid fishes of the tribe Haplochromini.
haply: (av) By accident or luck.; Perhaps; by chance.
happen: (v) To occur or take place.; To happen to; to befall.; To do or occur by chance or unexpectedly.; To encounter by chance.(av) maybe, perhaps.
happy: (aj) Having a feeling arising from a consciousness of well-being or of enjoyment; enjoying good of any kind, such as comfort, peace, or tranquillity; blissful, contented, joyous.; Experiencing the effect of favourable fortune; favored by fortune or luck; fortunate, lucky, propitious.; Content, willing, satisfied (with or to do something); having no objection (to something).; Appropriate, apt, felicitous.; Favoring or inclined to use.; Dexterous, ready, skilful.; Implying 'May you have a happy ~' or similar; used in phrases to wish someone happiness or good fortune at the time of a festival, celebration, or other event or activity.(n) A happy event, thing, person, etc.(v) Often followed by up: to become happy; to brighten up, to cheer up.; Often followed by up: to make happy; to brighten, to cheer, to enliven.
Happy: (N) A male given name.; A surname, from nicknames.
haps: (n) plural of hap(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hap
hapten: (n) Any small molecule that can elicit an immune response only when attached to a large carrier such as a protein.
harass: (v) To annoy (someone) frequently or systematically; to pester.; To persistently bother (someone, or a group of people) physically or psychologically when such behaviour is illegal and/or unwanted, especially over an extended period.; To put excessive burdens upon (someone); to subject (someone) to anxieties.; To trouble (someone, or a group of people) through repeated military-style attacks.; Often followed by out: to fatigue or tire (someone) with exhausting and repeated efforts.(n) Harassment; pestering.
harbor: (n) Any place of shelter.; A sheltered expanse of water, adjacent to land, in which ships may anchor or dock, especially for loading and unloading.; A mixing box for materials.; A house of the zodiac, or the mansion of a heavenly body.; Shelter, refuge.(v) To provide a harbor or safe place for.; To take refuge or shelter in a protected expanse of water.; To drive (a hunted stag) to covert.; To hold or persistently entertain in one's thoughts or mind.
Harbor: (N) A surname.; A census-designated place in Curry County, Oregon, United States.
hard: (aj) Having a severe property; presenting difficulty.; Resistant to pressure.; Having a severe property; presenting difficulty.; Strong.; Having a severe property; presenting difficulty.; Containing alcohol.; Having a severe property; presenting difficulty.; High in dissolved chemical salts, especially those of calcium.; Having a severe property; presenting difficulty.; Having the capability of being a permanent magnet by being a material with high magnetic coercivity (compare soft).; Having a severe property; presenting difficulty.; Having a high energy (high frequency; short wavelength).; Having a severe property; presenting difficulty.; Made up of parallel rays, producing clearly defined shadows.; Having a severe property; presenting difficulty.; Difficult or requiring a lot of effort to do, understand, experience, or deal with.; Having a severe property; presenting difficulty.; Demanding a lot of effort to endure.; Having a severe property; presenting difficulty.; Severe, harsh, unfriendly, brutal.; Having a severe property; presenting difficulty.; Difficult to resist or control; powerful.; Having a severe property; presenting difficulty.; Hardened; having unusually strong defences.; Having a severe property; presenting difficulty.; Tough and muscular.; Unquestionable, unequivocal.; Having a comparatively larger or a ninety-degree angle.; Sexually aroused; having an erect penis.; Having muscles that are tightened as a result of intense, regular exercise.; Plosive.; Unvoiced.; Velarized or plain, rather than palatalized.; Having a severe property; presenting a barrier to enjoyment.; Rigid in the drawing or distribution of the figures; formal; lacking grace of composition.; Having a severe property; presenting a barrier to enjoyment.; Having disagreeable and abrupt contrasts in colour or shading.; In a physical form, not digital.; Using a manual or physical process, not by means of a software command.; Far, extreme.; Of silk: not having had the natural gum boiled off.; Of a market: having more demand than supply; being a seller's market.(av) With much force or effort.; With difficulty.; So as to raise difficulties.; Compactly.; Near, close.(n) A firm or paved beach or slope convenient for hauling vessels out of the water.; A tyre whose compound is softer than superhards, and harder than mediums.; Crack cocaine.; Hard labor.
Hard: (N) A surname.
harden: (v) To become hard (tough, resistant to pressure).; To make something hard or harder (tough, resistant to pressure).; To strengthen.; To modify (a website or other system) to make it resistant to malicious attacks.; To become or make (a person or thing) resistant or less sensitive.; To become or make (a consonant) more fortis.(n) Alternative form of hurden (“coarse linen”)
Harden: (N) A surname.
harder: (aj) comparative form of hard: more hard(n) Alternative spelling of haarder
Harder: (N) A surname.
hardly: (av) Firmly, vigorously, with strength or exertion.; Harshly, severely; in a hard manner.; With difficulty.; Barely, only just, almost not.(i) Not really.
hards: (n) plural of hard(n) The short coarser fibers of flax or hemp; tow.
Hards: (N) plural of Hard(N) A surname.
hardy: (aj) Having rugged physical strength; inured to fatigue or hardships.; Able to survive adverse growing conditions.; Brave and resolute.; Impudent.(n) Anything, especially a plant, that is hardy.; A blacksmith's fuller or chisel, having a square shank for insertion into a square hole in an anvil, called the hardy hole.
Hardy: (N) A common surname, from nicknames, originally a nickname for a hardy person.; Thomas Hardy (1840-1928), English novelist and poet.; A male given name transferred from the surname.
hare: (n) Any of several plant-eating animals of the family Leporidae, especially of the genus Lepus, similar to a rabbit, but larger and with longer ears.; The player in a paperchase, or hare and hounds game, who leaves a trail of paper to be followed.(v) To move swiftly.(v) To excite; to tease, or worry; to harry.(aj) Grey, hoary; grey-haired, venerable (of people).; Cold, frosty (of weather).
Hare: (N) A surname, from nicknames.; Synonym of Sahtú
harem: (n) The private section of an Arab household, traditionally forbidden to male strangers.; A group of someone's girlfriends, wives and/or concubines in a polygamous household.; A group of female animals (cows) herded and controlled by a male animal (bull) of that species for breeding purposes. Such behaviour is exhibited by bovids including cattle and buffalo as well as moose, elephants, seals, sea lions, baboons, and elephant seals.; A group of female birds mated to or associated with a breeding male.; Any significant number of women together as a group; a bevy.; A genre of anime and manga in which a man is the love interest of three or more women.
harems: (n) plural of harem
hares: (n) plural of hare(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hare
hark: (v) To listen attentively.(n) A whisper
harken: (v) Alternative spelling of hearken: to hear, to listen, to have regard.; To hark back, to return or revert (to a subject, etc.), to allude to, to evoke, to long or pine for (a past event or era).
harl: (n) A fibre, especially a fibre of hemp or flax, or an individual fibre of a feather.; A barb, or barbs, of a fine large feather, as of a peacock or ostrich, used in dressing artificial flies.(v) To surface a building using a slurry of pebbles or stone chips which is then cured using a lime render.(v) To drag along the ground.; To drag oneself along.; To troll for fish.(n) The act of dragging.; A small quantity; a scraping of anything.
Harl: (N) A male given name(N) A surname, from German.
Harlem: (N) A neighborhood in northern Manhattan, New York County, New York City, New York State, United States, currently known for its black population.; Obsolete form of Haarlem.. A city in Randstad, North Holland, Netherlands
Harley: (N) A village in Shropshire, England.; A small settlement in South Yorkshire, England.; A habitational surname, from Old English from the place names.; A unisex given name transferred from the surname.(n) A Harley-Davidson motorcycle.
harlot: (n) A female prostitute.; A female who is considered promiscuous.; A churl; a common man; a person, male or female, of low birth, especially one given to low conduct.(v) To play the harlot; to practice lewdness.(aj) Wanton; lewd; low; base.
Harlow: (N) A habitational surname, from Old English.; A unisex given name transferred from the surname.; A town and local government district of Essex, England.
harm: (n) physical injury; hurt; damage; emotional or figurative hurt; detriment; misfortune.; That which causes injury, damage, or loss.(v) To cause injury to another; to hurt; to cause damage to something.
harmed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of harm
harms: (n) plural of harm(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of harm
Harms: (N) A surname.
harp: (n) A musical instrument consisting of a body and a curved neck, strung with strings of varying length that are stroked or plucked with the fingers and are vertical to the soundboard when viewed from the end of the body; Any instrument of the same musicological type.; A harmonica.; A grain sieve.(v) To repeatedly mention a subject.; To play on (a harp or similar instrument).; To play (a tune) on the harp.; To develop or give expression to by skill and art; to sound forth as from a harp; to hit upon.
Harp: (N) An occupational surname, from occupations for a player of the harp.
harped: (v) simple past tense and past participle of harp
harper: (n) A harpist, especially one who plays a traditional harp without pedals.; An old Irish brass coin bearing the emblem of a harp.
Harper: (N) An occupational surname, from occupations for a player of the harp.; A male given name transferred from the surname.; A female given name transferred from the surname, of modern usage.; A census-designated place in Malheur County, Oregon, United States.
harps: (n) plural of harp(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of harp
Harps: (N) A surname.
harpy: (n) A mythological creature generally depicted as a bird-of-prey with the head of maiden, a face pale with hunger and long claws on her hands personifying the destructive power of storm winds.; A shrewish woman.; One who is rapacious or ravenous; an extortioner.; The European moor buzzard or marsh harrier (Circus aeruginosus).; A large and powerful double-crested, short-winged American eagle (Harpia harpyja).
harris: (n) A dried preparation of the flowering tops or other parts of the cannabis plant used as a psychotropic drug.
Harris: (N) An English and Welsh patronymic surname, from given names.; A male given name.; A placename; A township in Lake Timiskaming, Timiskaming district, Northeastern Ontario, Northern Ontario, Ontario, Canada; A placename; A village in the Rural Municipality of Harris, Saskatchewan, Canada; A placename; A rural municipality of Saskatchewan, Canada; A placename; A number of places in the United States; A placename; An abandoned settlement in Montserrat, destroyed by volcanic eruptions.; A placename; Ellipsis of Harris Township; A placename; Ellipsis of Harris County(N) The southern and more mountainous part of Lewis and Harris, an island in the Outer Hebrides and Western Isles council area, Scotland.
harrow: (n) A device consisting of a heavy framework having several disks or teeth in a row, which is dragged across ploughed land to smooth or break up the soil, to remove weeds or cover seeds; a harrow plow.; An obstacle formed by turning an ordinary harrow upside down, the frame being buried.(v) To drag a harrow over; to break up with a harrow.; To traumatize or disturb; to frighten or torment.; To break or tear, as if with a harrow; to wound; to lacerate; to torment or distress; to vex.(i) A call for help, or of distress, alarm etc.
Harrow: (N) A town in northwestern Greater London, England.; A London borough of Greater London, England.; A prestigious public school for boys in the town of Harrow.(N) An occupational surname, from occupations for a harrower.
harry: (v) To plunder, pillage, assault.; To make repeated attacks on an enemy.; To strip, lay waste, ravage.; To harass, bother or distress with demands, threats, or criticism.
Harry: (N) A male given name from the Germanic languages, also used as a pet form of Henry and Harold.; A patronymic surname, from given names.
harsh: (aj) Unpleasantly rough to the touch or other senses.; Severe or cruel.(v) To negatively criticize.; to put a damper on (a mood).
Harsh: (N) A surname.
hart: (n) A male deer, especially the male of the red deer after his fifth year.; A male red deer or one of related species.(n) Obsolete spelling of heart
Hart: (N) An English surname, from nicknames, originally a nickname from Middle English hert (“stag, hart”).; A surname, from Irish anglicised from the Irish Ó hAirt (“descendant of a person named Bear or Champion”) (see Old Irish art (“bear”)); A village and civil parish in Hartlepool borough, County Durham, England (OS grid ref NZ4735).; A local government district in northeastern Hampshire, England.; A city, the county seat of Oceana County, Michigan, United States.
hartal: (n) The closure of shops and offices, typically as a strike.
harts: (n) plural of hart
Harts: (N) A surname, from Dutch.
Harvey: (N) A surname, from given names.; A male given name from the Celtic languages, in modern use often transferred back from the surname.; A city in Illinois.; A city and town in Iowa.; A census-designated place and city in Louisiana.; A city in North Dakota.; A town in Western Australia.
has: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of have
hash: (n) Food, especially meat and potatoes, chopped and mixed together.; A confused mess.; The # symbol (octothorpe, pound).; The result generated by a hash function.; One guess made by a mining computer in the effort of finding the correct answer which releases the next unit of cryptocurrency; see also hashrate.; A new mixture of old material; a second preparation or exhibition; a rehashing.; A hash run.; A stupid fellow.(v) To chop into small pieces, to make into a hash.; To make a quick, rough version.; To transform according to a hash function.; To make a mess of (something); to ruin.(n) Hashish, a drug derived from the cannabis plant.
Hash: (N) A surname.
Hasid: (n) A follower of Hasidism.
haslet: (n) The internal organs of an animal, especially the heart and liver of a pig.; A meatloaf made of these organs.
hasp: (n) A clasp, especially a metal strap fastened by a padlock or a pin; also, a hook for fastening a door.; A spindle to wind yarn, thread, or silk on.; Alternative form of hesp; An instrument for cutting the surface of grassland; a scarifier.(v) To shut or fasten with a hasp.
hassle: (n) Trouble, bother, unwanted annoyances or problems.; A fight or argument.; An action which is not worth the difficulty involved.(v) To trouble, to bother, to annoy.; To pick a fight or start an argument.; To engage in a mock dogfight.(aj) hassling; hasslesome
hast: (v) second-person singular simple present form of have
Hast: (N) A surname.
hasta: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hafta: Contraction of has to; is required to(i) goodbye(n) A hand gesture used to depict the meaning of a song
haste: (n) Speed; swiftness; dispatch.; Urgency; sudden excitement of feeling or passion; precipitance; vehemence.(v) To urge onward; to hasten.; To move with haste.
Haste: (N) A surname, from Old French.
hasted: (v) simple past tense and past participle of haste
hasten: (v) To move or act in a quick fashion.; To make someone speed up or make something happen quicker.; To cause some scheduled event to happen earlier.
Hasten: (N) A surname, from Dutch.
hasty: (aj) Acting in haste; being too hurried or quick
Hasty: (N) A surname.; An unincorporated community in Newton County, Arkansas, United States.; A census-designated place in Bent County, Colorado, United States.
hat: (n) A covering for the head, often in the approximate form of a cone, dome or cylinder closed at its top end, and sometimes having a brim and other decoration.; A particular role or capacity that a person might fill.; Any receptacle from which numbers/names are pulled out in a lottery.; The lottery or draw itself.; A hat switch.; The háček symbol.; The caret symbol ^.; User rights on a website, such as the right to edit pages others cannot.; A student who is also the son of a nobleman (and so allowed to wear a hat instead of a mortarboard).(v) To place a hat on.; To appoint as cardinal.; To shop for hats.(v) simple past tense of hit
hatbox: (n) A piece of luggage for a hat; a case or box for a hat.
hatch: (n) A horizontal door in a floor or ceiling.; A trapdoor.; An opening in a wall at window height for the purpose of serving food or other items. A pass through.; A small door in large mechanical structures and vehicles such as aircraft and spacecraft often provided for access for maintenance.; An opening through the deck of a ship or submarine; A gullet.; A frame or weir in a river, for catching fish.; A floodgate; a sluice gate.; A bedstead.; An opening into, or in search of, a mine.(v) To close with a hatch or hatches.(v) (of young animals) To emerge from an egg.; (of eggs) To break open when a young animal emerges from it.; To incubate eggs; to cause to hatch.; To devise.(n) The act of hatching.; Development; disclosure; discovery.; A group of birds that emerged from eggs at a specified time.; The phenomenon, lasting 1–2 days, of large clouds of mayflies appearing in one location to mate, having reached maturity.; A birth, the birth records (in the newspaper) — compare the phrase "hatched, matched, and dispatched."(v) To shade an area of (a drawing, diagram, etc.) with fine parallel lines, or with lines which cross each other (cross-hatch).; To cross; to spot; to stain; to steep.
Hatch: (N) A surname.
hate: (n) An object of hatred.; Hatred.; Negative feedback, abusive behaviour.(v) To dislike intensely or greatly.; To experience hatred.; Used in a phrasal verb: hate on.
hated: (aj) Disliked; odious; reviled.(v) simple past tense and past participle of hate
hater: (n) One who hates.; One who expresses unfounded or inappropriate hatred or dislike, particularly if motivated by envy.
haters: (n) plural of hater
hath: (v) third-person singular simple present indicative form of have
hating: (v) present participle of hate
hatpin: (n) A long straight pin, often with a decorative head, used to secure a woman's hat to her hair.
hatred: (n) Strong aversion; intense dislike
hats: (n) plural of hat(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hat
hatter: (n) A person who makes, sells, or repairs hats.; A person who lives alone in the bush.; A miner who works by himself.(v) To tire or worry.
Hatter: (n) Someone from Luton; someone connected with Luton Town Football Club, as a fan, player, coach etc.; Someone from Medicine Hat
haugh: (n) A low-lying meadow by the side of a river.
Haugh: (N) An English surname.
haul: (v) To transport by drawing or pulling, as with horses or oxen, or a motor vehicle.; To draw or pull something heavy.; To carry or transport something, with a connotation that the item is heavy or otherwise difficult to move.; To drag, to pull, to tug.; Followed by up: to summon to be disciplined or held answerable for something.; To pull apart, as oxen sometimes do when yoked.; To steer (a vessel) closer to the wind.; Of the wind: to shift fore (more towards the bow).; To haul ass (“go fast”).(n) An act of hauling or pulling, particularly with force; a (violent) pull or tug.; The distance over which something is hauled or transported, especially if long.; An amount of something that has been taken, especially of fish, illegal loot, or items purchased on a shopping trip.; Short for haul video (“video posted on the Internet consisting of someone showing and talking about recently purchased items”).; A bundle of many threads to be tarred.
hauler: (n) A person or thing that hauls another person or thing.; A person or company engaged in the haulage of goods.; A miner who hauls coal from the coalface to the bottom of the shaft.; A truck, lorry (vehicle used to transport heavy goods); Someone who makes a haul video.
haulm: (n) The stems of various cultivated plants, left after harvesting the crop to be used as animal litter or for thatching.; An individual plant stem.; Part of a harness; a hame.
hauls: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of haul
haunch: (n) The area encompassing the upper thigh, hip and buttocks on one side of a human, primate, or quadruped animal, especially one that can sit on its hindquarters.; The loin and leg of a quadruped, especially when used as food.; A squat vertical support structure.; A jerked underhand throw.(v) To provide with a haunch or supporting structure.; To throw with an underhand movement.
haunt: (v) To inhabit, or visit frequently (most often used in reference to ghosts).; To make uneasy, restless.; To stalk, to follow; To live habitually; to stay, to remain.; To accustom; habituate; make accustomed to.; To practise; to devote oneself to.; To persist in staying or visiting.(n) A place at which one is regularly found; a habitation or hangout.; A ghost.; A feeding place for animals.
haunts: (n) plural of haunt(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of haunt
Hausa: (n) A people living in Nigeria and part of Niger.(N) The Chadic language spoken by these people.
haut: (aj) Haughty.; Having high standards or quality.
Haut: (N) A surname, from German.
haute: (aj) Obsolete form of haut, haught (“high; haughty”).(aj) high (especially in terms of fashion, cookery or anything considered to be typically French)
hauter: (adj) plural of haut
Havana: (N) The capital city of Cuba.; A city, the county seat of Mason County, Illinois, United States.(n) A type of large cigar produced in Cuba.
have: (v) To possess, own.; To hold, as something at someone's disposal.; To include as a part, ingredient, or feature.; Used to state the existence or presence of someone in a specified relationship with the subject.; To consume or use up (a particular substance or resource, especially food or drink).; To undertake or perform (an action or activity).; To be scheduled to attend, undertake or participate in.; To experience, go through, undergo.; To be afflicted with, suffer from.; Used in forming the perfect aspect.; Used as an interrogative verb before a pronoun to form a tag question, echoing a previous use of 'have' as an auxiliary verb or, in certain cases, main verb. (For further discussion, see the appendix English tag questions.); See have to.; To give birth to.; To obtain.; To engage in sexual intercourse with.; To accept as a romantic partner.; To cause to, by a command, request or invitation.; To cause to be.; To be affected by an occurrence. (Used in supplying a topic that is not a verb argument.); To depict as being.; To defeat in a fight; take.; To inflict punishment or retribution on.; To be able to speak (a language).; To feel or be (especially painfully) aware of.; To trick, to deceive.; To allow; to tolerate.; To believe, buy, be taken in by.; To host someone; to take in as a guest.; To get a reading, measurement, or result from an instrument or calculation.; To consider a court proceeding that has been completed; to begin deliberations on a case.; To make an observation of (a bird species).(n) A wealthy or privileged person.; One who has some (contextually specified) thing.(n) A fraud or deception; something misleading.
haven: (n) A harbour or anchorage protected from the sea.; A place of safety.; A peaceful place.(v) To put into, or provide with a haven.
Haven: (N) A surname.; A unisex given name of modern usage.
havens: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of haven
haver: (v) To hem and haw; To talk foolishly; to chatter.(n) Oats (the cereal).(n) One who has something; a possessor.; The person who has custody of a document.
Haver: (N) A surname.
having: (v) present participle of have(n) The act of possessing; ownership.; Something owned; possession; goods; estate.; A person's behaviour.; Good manners.(aj) Grasping; greedy.
havoc: (n) widespread devastation, destruction; mayhem(v) To pillage.; To cause havoc.(i) A cry in war as the signal for indiscriminate slaughter.
haw: (i) An imitation of laughter, often used to express scorn or disbelief. Often doubled or tripled (haw haw or haw haw haw).; An intermission or hesitation of speech, with a sound somewhat like "haw"; the sound so made.(v) To stop, in speaking, with a sound like haw; to speak with interruption and hesitation.(n) Fruit of the hawthorn.; A hedge.; Something that has little value or importance; a whit or jot.(i) An instruction for a horse or other animal to turn towards the driver, typically left (See gee).(v) To turn towards the driver, typically to the left.; To cause (an animal) to turn left.(n) The third eyelid, or nictitating membrane.; A disease of the nictitating membrane.
Haw: (N) A topographic and patronymic surname, from given names.; A river in the US state of North Carolina.
Hawaii: (N) An Oceanian state of the United States. The capital is Honolulu, on the island of Oahu.; An archipelago in the Pacific Ocean between North America and Oceania.; An island in Hawaii archipelago, Pacific Ocean, of Hawaii County, State of Hawaii, United States. The largest of the Hawaiian Islands.; A former kingdom in the Hawaiian Islands, Pacific Ocean
hawk: (n) A diurnal predatory bird of the family Accipitridae, smaller than an eagle.; Any diurnal predatory terrestrial bird of similar size and appearance to the accipitrid hawks, such as a falcon.; Any of various species of dragonfly of the genera Apocordulia and Austrocordulia, endemic to Australia.; An advocate of aggressive political positions and actions.; An uncooperative or purely-selfish participant in an exchange or game, especially when untrusting, acquisitive or treacherous. Refers specifically to the Prisoner's Dilemma, alias the Hawk-Dove game.(v) To hunt with a hawk.; To make an attack while on the wing; to soar and strike like a hawk.(n) A plasterer's tool, made of a flat surface with a handle below, used to hold an amount of plaster prior to application to the wall or ceiling being worked on: a mortarboard.(v) To sell; to offer for sale by outcry in the street; to carry (merchandise) about from place to place for sale; to peddle.(n) A noisy effort to force up phlegm from the throat.(v) To expectorate, to cough up something from one's throat.; To try to cough up something from one's throat; to clear the throat loudly.
Hawk: (N) A surname.
hawked: (v) simple past tense and past participle of hawk(aj) Curved like a hawk's bill; crooked.; spotted, streaked
hawker: (n) A peddler, huckster, who travels about to sell easily transportable goods.; Any dragonfly of the family Aeshnidae; a darner.(n) Someone who breeds and trains hawks and other falcons; a falconer.
Hawker: (N) An occupational surname, from occupations.
hawks: (n) plural of hawk(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hawk
Hawks: (N) A surname.
hawse: (n) The part of the bow containing the hawseholes.; A hawsehole or hawsepipe.; The horizontal distance or area between an anchored vessel's bows and the actual position of her anchor(s).(aj) In a position relative to the course and position of a vessel, somewhat forward of the stem.(av) Lying to two anchors, streamed from either bow.(v) To lie uneasily to an anchor, typically due to a weather tide.
hawser: (n) A cable or heavy rope used to tow or moor a ship.
hay: (n) Grass cut and dried for use as animal fodder.; Any mix of green leafy plants used for fodder.; Cannabis; marijuana.; A net set around the haunt of an animal, especially a rabbit.(v) To cut grasses or herb plants for use as animal fodder.; To lay snares for rabbits.(n) A hedge.; A net placed around the lair or burrow of an animal.; An enclosure, haw.; A circular country dance.(n) The letter for the h sound in Pitman shorthand.
Hay: (N) A surname.
Haydn: (N) A surname, from German; (music) used specifically of Franz Joseph Haydn (1732–1809), an Austrian composer of the Classical period.
haying: (v) present participle of hay(n) The act of gathering hay.
haymow: (n) A pile of hay stored in a barn.; The place in a barn where hay is deposited.
hazan: (n) Alternative form of hazzan
Hazan: (N) A surname.
hazard: (n) The chance of suffering harm; danger, peril, risk of loss.; An obstacle or other feature which causes risk or danger; originally in sports, and now applied more generally.; An obstacle or other feature that presents a risk or danger that justifies the driver in taking action to avoid it.; A sand or water obstacle on a golf course.; The act of potting a ball, whether the object ball (winning hazard) or the player's ball (losing hazard).; A game of chance played with dice, usually for monetary stakes; popular mainly from 14th c. to 19th c.; Chance.; Anything that is hazarded or risked, such as a stake in gambling.; The side of the court into which the ball is served.; A problem with the instruction pipeline in CPU microarchitectures when the next instruction cannot execute in the following clock cycle, potentially leading to incorrect results.(v) To expose to chance; to take a risk.; To risk (something); to venture, to incur, or bring on.
Hazard: (N) A surname.; A home rule city, the county seat of Perry County, Kentucky, United States.
haze: (n) Very fine solid particles (smoke, dust) or liquid droplets (moisture) suspended in the air, slightly limiting visibility. (Compare fog, mist.); A reduction of transparency of a clear gas or liquid.; An analogous dullness on a surface that is ideally highly reflective or transparent.; Any state suggestive of haze in the atmosphere, such as mental confusion or vagueness of memory.; The degree of cloudiness or turbidity in a clear glass or plastic, measured in percent.; Any substance causing turbidity in beer or wine.(v) To be or become hazy, or thick with haze.(v) To perform an unpleasant initiation ritual upon a usually non-consenting individual, especially freshmen to a closed community such as a college or military unit.; To oppress or harass by forcing to do hard and unnecessary work.; In a rodeo, to assist the bulldogger by keeping (the steer) running in a straight line.; To use aversive stimuli on (a wild animal, such as a bear) to encourage it to keep its distance from humans.
Haze: (N) A diminutive of the female given name Hazel.
hazel: (n) A tree or shrub of the genus Corylus, bearing edible nuts called hazelnuts or filberts.; The nut of the hazel tree.; The wood of a hazelnut tree.; A greenish-brown colour, the colour of a ripe hazelnut.; Freestone.(aj) Of a greenish-brown colour. (often used to refer to eye colour)
Hazel: (N) A female given name from English from the plant or colour hazel. Popular in the U.S. at the turn of the 20th century.; A topographic surname, from Middle English for someone who lived near a hazel tree.
hazing: (n) An initiation or behavior that involves humiliation, harassment or abuse, particularly in universities and in the military.(v) present participle of haze
hazy: (aj) Thick or obscured with haze.; Not clear or transparent.; Obscure; confused; not clear.
he: (P) A male person or animal already known or implied.; they; he or she (a person whose gender is unknown or irrelevant.); it; an animal whose gender is unknown.; A genderless object regarded as masculine, such as certain stars or planets (e.g. Sun, Mercury, Mars, Jupiter) or certain ships.(d) Synonym of his(n) The game of tag, or it, in which the player attempting to catch the others is called "he".; The player who chases and attempts to catch the others in this game.; A male.(n) The name of the fifth letter of many Semitic alphabets (Phoenician, Aramaic, Hebrew, Syriac, Arabic and others).; The name of the first letter of the Old South Arabian abjad.(i) An expression of laughter.
He: (P) Honorific alternative letter-case form of he, sometimes used when referring to God or another important figure who is understood from context.(N) A surname, from Chinese.
head: (n) The part of the body of an animal or human which contains the brain, mouth, and main sense organs.; To do with heads.; The part of the body of an animal or human which contains the brain, mouth, and main sense organs.; To do with heads.; The topmost, foremost, or leading part.; The end of a table.; The topmost, foremost, or leading part.; The principal operative part of a machine or tool.; The topmost, foremost, or leading part.; The foam that forms on top of beer or other carbonated beverages.; The topmost, foremost, or leading part.; The end cap of a cylindrically-shaped pressure vessel.; The topmost, foremost, or leading part.; Deposits near the top of a geological succession.; The topmost, foremost, or leading part.; Short for headline.; The topmost, foremost, or leading part.; The end of an abscess where pus collects.; The topmost, foremost, or leading part.; The headstock of a guitar.; The topmost, foremost, or leading part.; A leading component.; The topmost, foremost, or leading part.; A headland.; A leader or expert.; The place of honour, or of command; the most important or foremost position; the front.; A leader or expert.; Leader; chief; mastermind.; A leader or expert.; A headmaster or headmistress.; A leader or expert.; A person with an extensive knowledge of hip hop.; A significant or important part.; A beginning or end, a protuberance.; A significant or important part.; A component.; Headway; progress.; Topic; subject.; Denouement; crisis.; Pressure and energy.; A buildup of fluid pressure, often quantified as pressure head.; Pressure and energy.; The difference in elevation between two points in a column of fluid, and the resulting pressure of the fluid at the lower point.; Pressure and energy.; More generally, energy in a mass of fluid divided by its weight.; Fellatio or cunnilingus; oral sex.; The glans penis.; A heavy or habitual user of illicit drugs.; Power; armed force.(aj) Of, relating to, or intended for the head.(v) To be in command of. (See also head up.); To come at the beginning of; to commence.; To strike with the head; as in soccer, to head the ball; To move in a specified direction.; To remove the head from a fish.; To originate; to spring; to have its course, as a river.; To form a head.; To form a head to; to fit or furnish with a head.; To cut off the top of; to lop off.; To behead; to decapitate.; To go in front of.; To get in the front of, so as to hinder or stop; to oppose.; To check or restrain.; To set on the head.(aj) Foremost in rank or importance.; Placed at the top or the front.; Coming from in front.
Head: (N) A surname, from Middle English, from residence near a hilltop or the head of a river, or a byname for someone with an odd-looking head.
headed: (aj) Of a sheet of paper: having the sender's name, address, etc. preprinted at the top.; Having a head with specified characteristics.(v) simple past tense and past participle of head(aj) Heading in a certain direction.
header: (n) The upper portion of a page (or other) layout.; Text, or other visual information, used to mark off a quantity of text, often titling or summarizing it.; Text, or other visual information, that goes at the top of a column of information in a table.; A font, text style, or typesetting used for any of the above.; The first part of a file or record that describes its contents.; Clipping of header file.; the first part of a packet or stream, often containing its address and descriptors.; A brick that is laid sideways at the top of a wall or within the brickwork with the short side showing.; A horizontal structural or finish piece over an opening.; A machine that separates and gathers the heads of grain etc.; The act of hitting the ball with the head.; Someone who heads the ball.; A headlong fall, jump or dive.; A raised tank that supplies water at constant pressure, especially to a central heating and hot water system.; A pipe which connects several smaller pipes.; The rodeo performer who drives the steer toward the heeler to be tied.; One who puts a head on something.(v) To strike (a ball) with one's head.
heady: (aj) Intoxicating or stupefying.; Tending to upset the mind or senses.; Exhilarating.; Intellectual.; Rash or impetuous.
Heady: (N) A surname.
heal: (v) To make better from a disease, wound, etc.; to revive or cure.; To become better or healthy again.; To reconcile, as a breach or difference; to make whole; to free from guilt.(n) A spell or ability that restores hit points or removes a status ailment.; health(v) Alternative form of hele (“conceal”).
Heal: (N) A surname.
healed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of heal
healer: (n) One who heals, especially through faith.; Anything that heals; a medicine that heals some wound, injury, ailment, or disease.
heals: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of heal(n) plural of heal
Heals: (N) plural of Heal
health: (n) The state of being free from physical or psychological disease, illness, or malfunction; wellness.; A state of well-being or balance, often physical but sometimes also mental and social; the overall level of function of an organism from the cellular (micro) level to the social (macro) level.; Physical condition.; in shape, in forme.; Cure, remedy.; A toast to prosperity.; The amount of damage an in-game object can withstand before it is destroyed.(n) A warrior; hero; man.
heap: (n) A crowd; a throng; a multitude or great number of people.; A pile or mass; a collection of things laid in a body, or thrown together so as to form an elevation.; A great number or large quantity of things.; A data structure consisting of trees in which each node is greater than all its children.; Memory that is dynamically allocated.; A dilapidated place or vehicle.; A lot, a large amount(v) To pile in a heap.; To form or round into a heap, as in measuring.; To supply in great quantity.(av) Very.
heaped: (aj) In a heap.; Containing a heap.(v) simple past tense and past participle of heap
heaps: (n) plural of heap; A large amount.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of heap(av) Very much, a lot
Heaps: (N) A surname.
hear: (v) To perceive sounds through the ear.; To perceive (a sound, or something producing a sound) with the ear, to recognize (something) in an auditory way.; To exercise this faculty intentionally; to listen to.; To listen favourably to; to grant (a request etc.).; To receive information about; to come to learn of.; To be contacted by.; To listen to (a person, case) in a court of law; to try.; To sympathize with; to understand the feelings or opinion of.
heard: (v) simple past tense and past participle of hear(aj) That has been heard or listened to; that has been aurally detected.(i) I understand; gotcha
Heard: (N) A surname.
heards: (n) plural of heard
heare: (v) Obsolete spelling of hear
hearer: (n) One who hears; a devout listener.
hears: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hear
hearse: (n) A hind (female deer) in the second year of her age.; A framework of wood or metal placed over the coffin or tomb of a deceased person, and covered with a pall; also, a temporary canopy bearing wax lights and set up in a church, under which the coffin was placed during the funeral ceremonies.; A grave, coffin, tomb, or sepulchral monument.; A bier or handbarrow for conveying the dead to the grave.; A carriage or vehicle specially adapted or used for transporting a dead person to the place of funeral or to the grave.(v) To enclose in a hearse; to entomb.
Hearst: (N) A surname.; An unincorporated community in California; A town in Ontario, Canada
heart: (n) A muscular organ that pumps blood through the body, traditionally thought to be the seat of emotion.; Emotions, kindness, moral effort, or spirit in general.; The seat of the affections or sensibilities, collectively or separately, as love, hate, joy, grief, courage, etc.; rarely, the seat of the understanding or will; usually in a good sense; personality.; Courage; courageous purpose; spirit.; Vigorous and efficient activity; power of fertile production; condition of the soil, whether good or bad.; A term of affectionate or kindly and familiar address.; Memory.; A wight or being.; A conventional shape or symbol used to represent the heart, love, or emotion: ♥ or sometimes <3.; A playing card of the suit hearts featuring one or more heart-shaped symbols.; The twenty-fourth Lenormand card.; The centre, essence, or core.(v) To be fond of. Often bracketed or abbreviated with a heart symbol.; To give heart to; to hearten; to encourage.; To fill an interior with rubble, as a wall or a breakwater.; To form a dense cluster of leaves, a heart, especially of lettuce or cabbage.
Heart: (N) A surname.
hearth: (n) The place in a home where a fire is or was traditionally kept for home heating and for cooking, usually constituted by at least a hearthstone and often enclosed to varying degrees by any combination of reredos, fireplace, oven, smoke hood, or chimney.; A hearthstone, either as standalone or as the floor of an enclosed fireplace or oven.; A fireplace: an open recess in a wall at the base of a chimney where a fire may be built.; The lowest part of a metallurgical furnace.; A brazier, chafing dish, or firebox.; Home or family life.; A household or group in some forms of the modern pagan faith Heathenry.
hearts: (n) plural of heart(n) One of the four suits of playing cards, in red, marked with the symbol ♥.; A trick-taking card game in which players are penalized for taking hearts and (especially) the queen of spades.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of heart
Hearts: (N) plural of Heart; Heart of Midlothian F.C., a football club from Edinburgh.
hearty: (aj) warm and cordial towards another person; Energetic, active or eager.; Cheerful, vivacious.; Exhibiting strength; firm; Promoting strength; nourishing.(n) a term of familiar address and fellowship among sailors.
heat: (n) Thermal energy.; The condition or quality of being hot.; An attribute of a spice that causes a burning sensation in the mouth.; A period of intensity, particularly of emotion.; An undesirable amount of attention.; The police.; One or more firearms.; A fastball.; A condition where a mammal is aroused sexually or where it is especially fertile and therefore eager to mate.; A preliminary race, used to determine the participants in a final race; (by extension) A stage in a competition, not necessarily a sporting one; a round.; One cycle of bringing metal to maximum temperature and working it until it is too cool to work further.; A hot spell.; Heating system; a system that raises the temperature of a room or building.; The output of a heating system.; A violent action unintermitted; a single effort.; In omegaverse fiction, a cyclical period in which omegas experience an intense, sometimes irresistible biological urge to mate.(v) To cause an increase in temperature of (an object or space); to cause to become hot (often with "up").; To become hotter.; To excite or make hot by action or emotion; to make feverish.; To excite ardour in; to rouse to action; to excite to excess; to inflame, as the passions.; To arouse, to excite (sexually).
heated: (v) simple past tense and past participle of heat(aj) To get riled up about something, or to be in a state of anger.; Very agitated, angry or impassioned.; Made warm or hot by some means.
heater: (n) A device that produces and radiates heat, typically to raise the temperature of a room or building.; A person who heats something, for example in metalworking.; A gun.; A fastball, especially one thrown at high velocity.; An extended winning streak.; A medieval European shield having a rounded triangle shape like a clothes iron.; A dead heat; a race in which two or more competitors reach the finish line simultaneously.
Heater: (N) A surname.
heath: (n) A tract of level uncultivated land with sandy soil and scrubby vegetation; heathland.; Any small evergreen shrub of the family Ericaceae.; Many of the species in the genus Erica; Any small evergreen shrub of the family Ericaceae.; Many of the species in the genus Cassiope; Any small evergreen shrub of the family Ericaceae.; Both species in the genus Daboecia; Any small evergreen shrub of the family Ericaceae.; Any of the species in the genus Epacris, Australian heath; Any small evergreen shrub of the family Ericaceae.; Any of the species in the genus Leucopogon, beard heath; Any small evergreen shrub of the family Ericaceae.; Any of the species in the genus Phyllodoce, mountain heath; Certain butterflies and moths; The palearctic species of Coenonympha, a genus of brush-footed butterfly; Certain butterflies and moths; Melitaea athalia, the heath fritillary; Certain butterflies and moths; Semiothisa clathrata, a moth known as the latticed heath
Heath: (N) A surname.; A male given name; A village in Heath and Holmewood parish, North East Derbyshire district, Derbyshire, England (OS grid ref SK4466).; A suburb and ward in the City of Cardiff, Wales (OS grid ref ST1780).
heaths: (n) plural of heath
heats: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of heat(n) plural of heat (countable senses)(n) A period of hot weather.
heaume: (n) A large helmet extended to and rested on the shoulders, worn in the 12th and 13th centuries: a great helm.
heave: (v) To lift with difficulty; to raise with some effort; to lift (a heavy thing).; To throw, cast.; To rise and fall.; To utter with effort.; To pull up with a rope or cable.; To lift (generally); to raise, or cause to move upwards (particularly in ships or vehicles) or forwards.; To be thrown up or raised; to rise upward, as a tower or mound.; To displace (a vein, stratum).; To cause to swell or rise, especially in repeated exertions.; To move in a certain direction or into a certain position or situation.; To retch, to make an effort to vomit; to vomit.; To make an effort to raise, throw, or move anything; to strain to do something difficult.; To rob; to steal from; to plunder.(n) An effort to raise something, such as a weight or one's own body, or to move something heavy.; An upward motion; a rising; a swell or distention, as of the breast in difficult breathing, of the waves, of the earth in an earthquake, etc.; A horizontal dislocation in a metallic lode, taking place at an intersection with another lode.; The measure of extent to which a nautical vessel goes up and down in a short period of time. Compare pitch.; An effort to vomit; retching.; Broken wind in horses.; A forceful shot in which the ball follows a high trajectory
heaved: (v) simple past tense and past participle of heave
heaven: (n) The sky, specifically:; The distant sky in which the sun, moon, and stars appear or move; the firmament; the celestial spheres.; The sky, specifically:; The near sky in which weather, flying animals, etc. appear; (obsolete) the atmosphere; the climate.; The sky, specifically:; A model displaying the movement of the celestial bodies, an orrery.; The abode of God or the gods, traditionally conceived as beyond the sky; especially:; The abode of God and of the angels and saints in His presence.; The abode of God or the gods, traditionally conceived as beyond the sky; especially:; The abode of the Abrahamic God; similar abodes of the gods in other religions and traditions, such as Mount Olympus.; The abode of God or the gods, traditionally conceived as beyond the sky; especially:; Providence, the will of God or the council of the gods; fate.; The afterlife of the blessed dead, traditionally conceived as opposed to an afterlife of the wicked and unjust (compare hell); specifically:; The afterlife of the souls who are not sent to a place of punishment or purification such as hell, purgatory, or limbo; the state or condition of being in the presence of God after death.; The afterlife of the blessed dead, traditionally conceived as opposed to an afterlife of the wicked and unjust (compare hell); specifically:; The afterlife of the blessed dead in other religions and traditions, such as the Pure Land or Elysium.; Any paradise; any blissful place or experience.; A state of bliss; a peaceful ecstasy.; Similarly blissful afterlives, places, or states for particular people, animals, or objects.(v) To transport to the abode of God, the gods, or the blessed.; To beatify, enchant, or please greatly.; To beautify, to make into a paradise.
Heaven: (N) The abode of God or the gods, when considered as a specific location; the abode of the blessed departed who reside in the presence of God or the gods; Providence, the will of God or the gods, when considered as a personal entity or specific aspect of the divine; Fate; Other extended senses of heaven as a specific place similar to the abode of God, the gods, or the blessed departed; The sky, particularly its distant aspect as the abode of the sun, moon, and stars; The supreme God or Nature which controls the universe.; A patronymic surname, from given names derived from Evan; A female given name from English of modern usage from the noun heaven.
heaver: (n) One who, or that which, heaves or lifts; a laborer employed on docks in handling freight.; A bar used as a lever.
heaves: (n) plural of heave(n) A period of retching.; A disease of horses characterized by coughing and difficult breathing; broken wind.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of heave
heavy: (aj) Having great weight.; Serious, somber.; Not easy to bear; burdensome; oppressive.; Good.; Profound.; High, great.; Armed.; Louder, more distorted.; Hot and humid.; Doing the specified activity more intensely than most other people.; With eyelids difficult to keep open due to tiredness.; High in fat or protein; difficult to digest.; Of great force, power, or intensity; deep or intense.; Laden to a great extent.; Laden with that which is weighty; encumbered; burdened; bowed down, either with an actual burden, or with grief, pain, disappointment, etc.; Slow; sluggish; inactive; or lifeless, dull, inanimate, stupid.; Impeding motion; cloggy; clayey.; Not raised or leavened.; Having much body or strength.; With child; pregnant.; Containing one or more isotopes that are heavier than the normal one.; Having high viscosity.; Of a market: in which the price of shares is declining.(av) In a heavy manner; weightily; heavily; gravely.; To a great degree; greatly.; very(n) A villain or bad guy; the one responsible for evil or aggressive acts.; A doorman, bouncer or bodyguard.; A newspaper of the quality press.; A large multi-engined aircraft. (The term heavy normally follows the call-sign when used by air traffic controllers.)(v) To make heavier.; To sadden.; To use power or wealth to exert influence on, e.g., governments or corporations; to pressure.(aj) Having the heaves.
hebe: (n) Alternative form of Hebe (“a Jew”)
Hebe: (N) The goddess of youth, and a daughter of Zeus and Hera. Her Roman counterpart is Juventas; A female given name from Ancient Greek; 6 Hebe, a main-belt asteroid.; A group of mainly alpine shrubs, of approximately 200 species, found mainly in New Zealand.(n) A Jew.
heben: (n) Ebony.
hebens: (n) plural of heben
Hebrew: (aj) Of or pertaining to the Hebrew people or language.(n) A member or descendant of a Semitic people claiming descent from Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.; A descendant of the biblical Patriarch Eber.; The Semitic language spoken by the Hebrew people.; The writing system used in Hebrew language.; Unintelligible speech or writing.
Hebron: (N) A city in Palestine; holy in both Judaism and Islam.; A number of places in the United States:; A former settlement in California.; A number of places in the United States:; A town in Connecticut.; A number of places in the United States:; A village in Illinois.; A number of places in the United States:; A town in Indiana; named for a local Associate Reformed Presbyterian church, itself named for the city in Palestine.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Iowa; named for the city in Palestine.; A number of places in the United States:; A census-designated place in Kentucky; named for the city in Palestine.; A number of places in the United States:; A town in Maine.; A number of places in the United States:; A town in Maryland; named for the city in Palestine.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Douglas County, Missouri; named for the city in Palestine.; A number of places in the United States:; A ghost town in Shelby County, Missouri; named for the city in Palestine.; A number of places in the United States:; A city, the county seat of Thayer County, Nebraska; named for the city in Palestine.; A number of places in the United States:; A town in New Hampshire.; A number of places in the United States:; A town in New York; named for the town in Connecticut.; A number of places in the United States:; A city in North Dakota; named for the city in Palestine.; A number of places in the United States:; A village in Ohio.; A number of places in the United States:; A census-designated place in Lebanon County, Pennsylvania.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Potter County, Pennsylvania; named for the city in Palestine.; A number of places in the United States:; A town in Texas.; A number of places in the United States:; A ghost town in Utah; named for the city in Palestine.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Marion County, West Virginia; named for a local church.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Pleasants County, West Virginia; named for the city in Palestine.; A number of places in the United States:; A town in Wisconsin.; A number of places elsewhere:; A community in New Brunswick.; A number of places elsewhere:; A community in Nova Scotia.; A number of places elsewhere:; A community in Prince Edward Island; named for the city in Palestine.; A number of places elsewhere:; A hamlet in Llanddyfnan community, Anglesey, Wales (OS grid ref SH4584).; A number of places elsewhere:; A hamlet in Cilymaenllwyd community, Carmarthenshire, Wales (OS grid ref SN1827).; A number of places elsewhere:; A locality in Llanfihangel-ar-Arth community, Carmarthenshire (OS grid ref SN4135).; A number of places elsewhere:; A small village and civil parish north of Morpeth, Northumberland, England (OS grid ref NZ1989).; A surname.
Hecate: (N) The powerful goddess, in Greek mythology, of magic, crossroads, fire, light, the moon, and the underworld. Her Roman counterpart is Trivia.; 100 Hekate, a main belt asteroid.
heck: (i) Hell.(n) Hell.(n) The bolt or latch of a door.; A rack for cattle to feed at.; A door, especially one partly of latticework.; A latticework contrivance for catching fish.; An apparatus for separating the threads of warps into sets, as they are wound upon the reel from the bobbins, in a warping machine.; A bend or winding of a stream.
Heck: (N) A hardy breed of domestic cattle, the result of an attempt to breed back the extinct aurochs from modern aurochs-derived cattle in the 1920s and 1930s.(N) A surname, possibly from German.(N) A civil parish of Selby district, North Yorkshire, England, with the villages of Great Heck and Little Heck.; A hamlet in Dumfries and Galloway council area, Scotland (OS grid ref NY0980).
heckle: (v) To question harshly in an attempt to find or reveal weaknesses.; To insult, tease, make fun of or badger, especially during a comedy performance.; To prepare flax for spinning using special combs called hackles(n) Alternative form of hackle (“tool for separating flax”); The long shining feathers on a cock's neck.; A feather ornament in the full-dress bonnets of Highland regiments.; An interruption during a show, especially a comedy performance
hectic: (aj) Very busy with activity and confusion.; Denoting a type of fever accompanying consumption and similar wasting diseases, characterised by flushed cheeks and dry skin.; Pertaining to or symptomatic of such a fever.(n) A hectic fever.; A flush like one produced by such a fever.
hector: (n) Sometimes in the form Hector: a blustering, noisy, turbulent fellow; a blusterer, bully.(v) To dominate or intimidate in a blustering way; to bully, to domineer.; To behave like a hector or bully; to bluster, to swagger; to bully.
Hector: (N) A Trojan hero in Homer's Iliad.; A male given name from Ancient Greek
Hecuba: (N) the wife of King Priam of Troy, the mother of Hector, Paris and the Cassandra
hed: (n) The headline of a news story.; Archaic spelling of head.(v) Pronunciation spelling of had, representing dialectal English.
hedarim: (n) plural of heder
heddle: (n) A component in a loom, being one of a number of similar components, through the eye of each of which a distinct strand of the warp is threaded.; One of the sets of parallel doubled threads which, with mounting, compose the harness employed to guide the warp threads to the lathe or batten in a loom.(v) To thread each strand of the warp through the eye of a heddle.
heder: (n) An elementary school in which students are taught to read Hebrew texts.
hedge: (n) A thicket of bushes or other shrubbery, especially one planted as a fence between two portions of land, or to separate the parts of a garden.; A barrier (often consisting of a line of persons or objects) to protect someone or something from harm.; A mound of earth, stone- or turf-faced, often topped with bushes, used as a fence between any two portions of land.; A non-committal or intentionally ambiguous statement.; Contract or arrangement reducing one's exposure to risk (for example the risk of price movements or interest rate movements).; Used attributively, with figurative indication of a person's upbringing, or professional activities, taking place by the side of the road; third-rate.(v) To enclose with a hedge or hedges.; To obstruct or surround.; To offset the risk associated with.; To avoid verbal commitment.; To construct or repair a hedge.; To reduce one's exposure to risk.
Hedge: (N) A surname.
hedged: (v) simple past tense and past participle of hedge(aj) Offset by another financial asset.
hedger: (n) One who makes or mends hedges.; One who hedges, for example in betting.
Hedger: (N) A surname.
hedges: (n) plural of hedge(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hedge
Hedges: (N) A surname.(N) plural of Hedge
heed: (n) Careful attention.(v) To guard, protect.; To mind; to regard with care; to take notice of; to attend to; to observe.; To pay attention, care.
heeded: (v) simple past tense and past participle of heed
heeds: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of heed(n) plural of heed
heehaw: (n) Alternative spelling of hee-haw(i) Alternative spelling of hee-haw(v) Alternative spelling of hee-haw
heel: (n) The rear part of the foot, where it joins the leg.; The part of a shoe's sole which supports the foot's heel.; The rear part of a sock or similar covering for the foot.; The part of the palm of a hand closest to the wrist.; A woman's high-heeled shoe.; The back, upper part of the stock.; The last or lowest part of anything.; A crust end-piece of a loaf of bread.; The base of a bun sliced in half lengthwise.; A contemptible, unscrupulous, inconsiderate or thoughtless person.; A headlining wrestler regarded as a "bad guy," whose ring persona embodies villainous or reprehensible traits and demonstrates characteristics of a braggart and a bully.; The cards set aside for later use in a patience or solitaire game.; Anything resembling a human heel in shape; a protuberance; a knob.; The lower end of a timber in a frame, as a post or rafter.; The obtuse angle of the lower end of a rafter set sloping.; A cyma reversa.; The short side of an angled cut.; The part of a club head's face nearest the shaft.; The lower end of the bit (cutting edge) of an axehead; as opposed to the toe (upper end).; In a carding machine, the part of a flat nearest the cylinder.(v) To follow at somebody's heels; to chase closely.; To add a heel to, or increase the size of the heel of (a shoe or boot).; To kick with the heel.; To perform by the use of the heels, as in dancing, running, etc.; To arm with a gaff, as a cock for fighting.; To hit (the ball) with the heel of the club.; To make (a fair catch) standing with one foot forward, the heel on the ground and the toe up.(v) To incline to one side; to tilt.(n) The act of inclining or canting from a vertical position; a cant.(v) Alternative form of hele (“cover; conceal”).
Heel: (N) A part of Maasgouw in the Netherlands
heeled: (v) simple past tense and past participle of heel(aj) Having a heel (often of a specified type, as in high-heeled etc.).; Prepared, especially armed with a weapon.; Wealthy; having enough money.
heeler: (n) A gamecock that strikes well with its heels or spurs.; A quick runner.; A dog that readily comes to heel.; A dependent and subservient hanger-on of a political patron.; The rodeo performer who ropes the steer by its hind feet after the header has turned it.
heels: (n) plural of heel(n) High-heeled shoes.
heft: (n) Weight.; Heaviness, the feel of weight; heftiness.; Influence; importance.; The act or effort of heaving; violent strain or exertion.; The greater part or bulk of anything.(v) To lift up; especially, to lift something heavy.; To test the weight of something by lifting it.; past participle of heave(n) A piece of mountain pasture to which a farm animal has become hefted (accustomed).; An animal that has become hefted thus.; Poor condition in sheep caused by mineral deficiency.(v) To make (a farm animal, especially a flock of sheep) accustomed and attached to an area of mountain pasture.(n) A number of sheets of paper fastened together, as for a notebook.; A part of a serial publication.
hefty: (aj) Heavy, strong, vigorous, mighty, impressive.; Strong; bulky.; Possessing physical strength and weight; rugged and powerful; powerfully or heavily built.; Heavy, weighing a lot.; Large.
Hefty: (N) A surname.
Hegel: (N) A German surname, from German, notably borne by the German philosopher Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel.
hegira: (n) A journey taken to escape from danger; an exodus.
Hegira: (N) Alternative form of Hijra.
Heid: (N) A surname.
Heids: (n) plural Heid
heiduc: (n) Alternative spelling of hajduk
heifer: (n) A young female cow, (particularly) one over one year old but which has not calved.; A wife.; A girl or young woman.; A cow: a large, unattractive, unpleasant woman.
height: (n) The distance from the base of something to the top.; A quality of vowels, indicating the vertical position of the tongue relative to the roof of the mouth; in practice, the first formant, associated with the height of the tongue.; The vertical distance from the ground to the highest part of a standing person or animal (withers in the case of a horse).; The highest point or maximum degree.; A high point.; A mountain, especially a very high one.; An area of land at the top of a cliff.; The amplitude of a sine function
Height: (N) A surname.
Heine: (N) A surname, from German, notably of Heinrich Heine, a German poet.
heinie: (n) The buttocks.
Heinie: (N) A diminutive form of Heinrich, or its English cognate Henry, sometimes applied to a person of (real or supposed) German heritage.(n) A German, especially a German soldier.
heir: (n) Someone who inherits, or is designated to inherit, the property of another.; One who inherits, or has been designated to inherit, a hereditary title or office.; A successor in a role, representing continuity with the predecessor.(v) To inherit.
heirs: (n) plural of heir
heist: (n) A robbery or burglary, especially from an institution such as a bank or museum.; A fiction genre in which a heist is central to the plot.(v) To steal, rob, or hold up (something).
Heist: (N) A surname.
Hejaz: (N) The mountainous area of northwest Saudi Arabia which gave rise to early Islam and which contains the sites of many holy places.
hejira: (n) Alternative form of hegira
Hel: (N) The goddess of the realm of the unheroic dead, a daughter of Loki by the jotun Angrboða.; The realm of the dead who did not die in combat, ruled by the goddess and located in Niflheim (one of the Nine Realms).
held: (v) simple past tense and past participle of hold
Helen: (N) the daughter of Zeus and Leda, considered to be the most beautiful woman in the world; her abduction by Paris brought about the Trojan War.; A female given name from Ancient Greek.(n) Any of various papilionid butterflies of the genus Papilio.
Helena: (N) A female given name from Ancient Greek.; The capital city of Montana, United States and the county seat of Lewis and Clark County.; A city in Alabama.; A city in Arkansas.; A town in Oklahoma.; A village in Ohio.; A census-designated place in Mississippi.; A hamlet in New York.; A ghost town in Texas.
Helios: (N) The god of the Sun; son of Hyperion and Theia, brother of Selene and Eos, father of Phaeton amongst others. His Roman counterpart is Sol.
helium: (n) The second lightest chemical element (symbol He) with an atomic number of 2 and atomic weight of 4.002602, a colorless, odorless and inert noble gas.; A form or sample of the element.
helix: (n) A curve on the surface of a cylinder or cone such that its angle to a plane perpendicular to the axis is constant; the three-dimensional curve seen in a screw or a spiral staircase.; A small volute under the abacus of a Corinthian capital.; The incurved rim of the external ear.; An upside down midair 360° spin in playboating.(v) To form or cause to form a helix.
hell: (N) In various religions, a place of torment where some or all evil spirits are believed to go after death.; The place where sinners suffer after death.(n) A place or situation of great suffering in life.; A place for gambling.; An extremely hot place.; Used as an intensifier in phrases grammatically requiring a noun.; A place into which a tailor throws shreds, or a printer discards broken type.; In certain games of chase, a place to which those who are caught are carried for detention.(i) Used to express discontent, unhappiness, or anger.; Used to emphasize.; Used to introduce an intensified statement following an understated one; nay; not only that, but.(av) Alternative form of the hell or like hell.(v) To add luster to, burnish (silver or gold).(v) To pour.
Hell: (N) Alternative spelling of Hel; Alternative form of Hela; Alternative letter-case form of hell; Any of various places so named.; A village in Stjørdal, Trøndelag, Norway.
Hellas: (N) Greece; (specifically) Ancient Greece.
helled: (v) plural of hell
Hellen: (N) the mythological patriarch of the Hellenes, the son of Deucalion (or sometimes Zeus) and Pyrrha, brother of Amphictyon and father of Aeolus, Xuthus, and Dorus(N) A surname.
heller: (n) A German coin equivalent to half a pfennig, later used widely as a small coin in Central Europe and the German Empire.; A subdivision of the Czech, Slovakian and Czechoslovakian koruna. 100 hellers make up one koruna.(n) A noisy, rowdy, troublesome person; hellion.
Heller: (N) A surname.
helling: (v) plural of hell
hello: (i) A greeting (salutation) said when meeting someone or acknowledging someone’s arrival or presence.; A greeting used when answering the telephone.; A call for response if it is not clear if anyone is present or listening, or if a telephone conversation may have been disconnected.; Used sarcastically to imply that the person addressed or referred to has done something the speaker or writer considers to be foolish.; An expression of puzzlement or discovery.
hells: (n) plural of hell
helm: (n) The steering apparatus of a ship, especially the tiller or wheel.; The member of the crew in charge of steering the boat.; A position of leadership or control.; One at the place of direction or control; a guide; a director.; A helve.(v) To be a helmsman or a member of the helm; to be in charge of steering the boat.; To lead (a project, etc.).(n) A helmet.; A helmet.; A heavy cloud lying on the brow of a mountain.(n) Alternative form of haulm (a straw)
Helm: (N) The only named wind in the British Isles. It blows westward from the Pennine fells over Cumbria and is often accompanied by a line of clouds on top of the hills called the Helm Bar.(N) A surname.; A placename, from the surname:; An unincorporated community in Fresno County, California, United States.; A placename, from the surname:; An unincorporated community in Russell County, Kentucky, United States.; A placename, from the surname:; An unincorporated community in Pulaski County, Missouri, United States.
helmet: (n) A hard, protective head covering, typically part of armour.; That which resembles a helmet in form, position, etc.; The upper part of a chemist's retort.; That which resembles a helmet in form, position, etc.; The hood-shaped upper sepal or petal of some flowers, as of the monkshood or the snapdragon.; That which resembles a helmet in form, position, etc.; A naked shield or protuberance on the top or fore part of the head of a bird.; That which resembles a helmet in form, position, etc.; The feature above a shield on a coat of arms.; That which resembles a helmet in form, position, etc.; The glans penis.(v) To cover with, or as if with, a helmet.
helms: (n) plural of helm(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of helm
Helms: (N) A surname.(N) plural of Helm
helot: (n) A member of the ancient Spartan class of serfs.; A serf; a slave.
help: (n) Action given to provide assistance; aid.; Something or someone which provides assistance with a task.; Documentation provided with computer software, etc. and accessed using the computer.; One or more people employed to help in the maintenance of a house or the operation of a farm or enterprise.; Correction of deficits, as by psychological counseling or medication or social support or remedial training.(v) To provide assistance to (someone or something).; To assist (a person) in getting something, especially food or drink at table; used with to.; To contribute in some way to.; To provide assistance.; To avoid; to prevent; to refrain from; to restrain (oneself). Usually used in nonassertive contexts with can.(i) A cry of distress or an urgent request for assistance
helped: (v) simple past tense and past participle of help
helper: (n) One who helps; an aide; assistant; auxiliary.; That which helps; anything serving to assist.; A person who does cleaning and cooking in a family home, or in a market; domestic employee.; a locomotive that assists a train, usually on steep gradients.
Helper: (N) A city in Carbon County, Utah, United States, which got its name from the practice of the Denver & Rio Grande Railroad of attaching helper engines to trains there.
helps: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of help(n) plural of help
Helps: (N) A surname.
helve: (n) The handle or haft of a tool or weapon.; A forge hammer lifted by a cam acting on the helve between the fulcrum and the head.(v) To furnish (an axe, etc.) with a helve.
hem: (i) Used to fill in the gap of a pause with a vocalized sound.(n) An utterance or sound of the voice like "hem", often indicative of hesitation or doubt, sometimes used to call attention.(v) To make the sound expressed by the word hem; to hesitate in speaking.(n) The border of an article of clothing doubled back and stitched together to finish the edge and prevent it from fraying.; A rim or margin of something.; In sheet metal design, a rim or edge folded back on itself to create a smooth edge and to increase strength or rigidity.(v) (in sewing) To make a hem.(P) Obsolete form of 'em.
Hem: (N) A surname.
hemmed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of hem
hemmer: (n) One who, or that which, hems.; A device, attached to a sewing machine, that turns over the edge of a fabric before stitching it down.; A tool for turning over the edge of sheet metal to make a hem.
Hemmer: (N) A surname.
hemp: (n) A tall annual herb, Cannabis sativa, native to Asia.; Various products of this plant, including fibres and the drug cannabis.
Hemp: (N) A surname.
hempen: (aj) Made of hemp; Related to hempen ropes, i.e., to hanging as capital punishment.
hems: (n) plural of hem(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hem
Hems: (N) plural of Hem(N) Dated form of Homs.
hen: (n) A female chicken (Gallus gallus), particularly a sexually mature one kept for her eggs.; A female of other bird species, particularly a sexually mature female fowl.; A female fish (especially a salmon or trout) or crustacean.; A woman, particularly; A bride-to-be, particularly in the context of her "hen night" festivities.; A hen night.; An affectionate term of address used to women or girls.; A henlike person of either sex.; The hard clam (Mercenaria mercenaria), a bivalve shellfish.(v) Alternative form of mother-hen(av) Hence.(v) To throw.
henbit: (n) Lamium amplexicaule, an annual plant with pink or purple flowers and deeply crenate leaves.
hence: (av) from here, from this place, away; from the living or from this world; in the future from now; as a result; therefore, for this reason(i) Go away! Begone!(v) To utter "hence!" to; to send away.; To depart; to go away.
Hence: (N) A male given name.
henna: (n) A shrub, Lawsonia inermis, having fragrant reddish flowers; A reddish plant substance, prepared from the dried leaves of this plant, used for temporary tattoos and hair coloring. Hair colorings range from bright red to earth brown to near black.; A rich reddish-brown colour.(aj) Of a rich reddish-brown colour.(v) To dye or tattoo with henna.
henry: (n) In the International System of Units, the derived unit of electrical inductance; the inductance induced in a circuit by a rate of change of current of one ampere per second and a resulting electromotive force of one volt. Symbol: H(n) A turd.(n) A quantity of marijuana weighing one-eighth of an ounce.
Henry: (N) A male given name from the Germanic languages, popular in England since Middle Ages; the name of eight kings.; A French and English patronymic surname, from given names.; A locale in the United States.; A city in Illinois; named for Illinois militia officer James D. Henry.; A locale in the United States.; A town in South Dakota; named for early settler J. D. Henry.; A locale in the United States.; A village in Nebraska; named for Henry Nichols, late son of the original owner of the town site.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Indiana.(N) An Irish surname, from Irish, an anglicization of Ó hInneirghe (“descendant of Inneirghe”).; An Irish patronymic surname, from Irish, an alternate anglicization of Mac Éinrí, Mac Hannraoi, Mac Annraoi (“son of Henry”) (McHenry)
hens: (n) plural of hen
hent: (v) To take hold of, to grasp.; To take away, carry off, apprehend.; To clear; to go beyond.
hented: (v) plural of hent
Henze: (N) A surname.
hep: (n) hepatitis.(n) A hip of a rose; a rosehip.(aj) Aware, up-to-date.; Cool, hip, sophisticated.(v) To make aware of.(i) A rallying cry in attacks on the Jewish people.(n) An instance of crying hep!, especially as a call to attack Jewish people.
hepcat: (n) A jazz performer, especially one from the 1940s and 1950s.; A person associated with the jazz subculture of the 1940s and 1950s.; A sophisticated person, one who is stylish.
heptad: (n) Synonym of septet: a group of seven things.; A sequence of seven bases.
her: (d) Belonging to her (belonging to that female, or in poetic or old-fashioned language that ship, city, season, etc).(P) The form of she used after a preposition or as the object of a verb; that woman, that ship, etc.(n) A female person or animal.
Her: (P) Honorific alternative letter-case form of her, sometimes used when referring to God or another important figure who is understood from context.
hera: (n) A female hero; a heroine, especially in lesbian or feminist circles.
Hera: (N) The queen of the gods, and goddess of marriage and birth; daughter of Cronus and Rhea, sister and wife of Zeus, mother of Hephaestus, Ares, Hebe, and Enyo.
herald: (n) A messenger, especially one bringing important news.; A harbinger, giving signs of things to come.; An official whose speciality is heraldry, especially one between the ranks of pursuivant and king-of-arms.; A moth of the species Scoliopteryx libatrix.(v) To proclaim or announce an event.; To greet something with excitement; to hail.(n) Alternative form of hareld (“long-tailed duck”)
Herald: (N) A surname.; A census-designated place in Sacramento County, California, United States.
herb: (n) Any green, leafy plant, or parts thereof, used to flavour or season food.; A plant whose roots, leaves or seeds, etc. are used in medicine.; Cannabis.; A plant whose stem is not woody and does not persist beyond each growing season; Grass; herbage.; A lame or uncool person.
Herb: (N) A diminutive of the male given name Herbert
herbal: (aj) Made from or with herbs.; Made from natural herbs specifically as opposed to from synthetic materials.(n) A manual of herbs and their medical uses; An herbal supplement
herbs: (n) plural of herb
herby: (aj) Of or pertaining to herbs.; Full of herbal aroma or flavour.
herd: (n) A number of domestic animals assembled together under the watch or ownership of a keeper.; Any collection of animals gathered or travelling in a company.; A crowd, a mass of people; now usually pejorative: a rabble.(v) To unite or associate in a herd; to feed or run together, or in company.; To unite or associate in a herd; To manage, care for or guard a herd; To associate; to ally oneself with, or place oneself among, a group or company.(n) Someone who keeps a group of domestic animals; a herdsman.(v) To act as a herdsman or a shepherd.; To form or put into a herd.; To move or drive a herd.
herded: (v) simple past tense and past participle of herd
herder: (n) One who herds.
herdic: (n) A low-hung horse-drawn carriage with two or four wheels, a back entrance, and side seats.
herds: (n) plural of herd(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of herd
here: (av) In, on, or at this place.; To this place; used in place of the more dated hither.; In this context.; At this point in the argument, narration, or other, usually written, work.(n) This place; this location.; This time, the present situation.(aj) Filler after a noun or demonstrative pronoun, solely for emphasis.; Filler after a demonstrative pronoun but before the noun it modifies, solely for emphasis.(i) Used semi-assertively to offer something to the listener.; Used for emphasis at the beginning of a sentence when expressing an opinion or want.
hereat: (av) At this time; upon this event.; At this; because of this.
hereby: (av) Near this place; nearby.; By this means, action or process.
heredes: (n) plural of heres
herein: (av) In this; within this content, context, or thing.
hereof: (av) Of this; concerning this.; From or as a result of this.
hereon: (av) On this place.; To this place.; On this subject or basis.; Hereupon.
heres: (n) plural of here
heresy: (n) a doctrine held by a member of a religion at variance with established religious beliefs; A controversial or unorthodox opinion held by a member of a group, as in politics, philosophy or science.
hereto: (av) to here, to this; yet, so far; regarding this subject
heriot: (n) The return of military equipment.; A payment made to a lord on the death of a tenant.; A tribute.
Heriot: (N) A surname.
herl: (n) a strand of hair; the fibrous shaft or barb of a feather (especially that of the ostrich or peacock) used to make artificial flies for angling; an artificial fly made with this barb
herm: (n) A rectangular pillar bearing a bust of Hermes, once used as a boundary marker and later as decoration.(n) A hermaphrodite.
Herm: (N) One of the Channel Islands and part of the Bailiwick of Guernsey.; A commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in south-western France.
Hermes: (N) The herald and messenger of the gods, and the god of roads, commerce, invention, cunning, and theft.; The Egyptian Thoth, identified with the Greek Hermes.; The planet Mercury when observed as an evening star.(n) A head or bust on a square base, often double-faced.
hermit: (n) A religious recluse; someone who lives alone for religious reasons; an eremite.; A recluse; someone who lives alone and shuns human companionship.; A spiced cookie made with molasses, raisins, and nuts.; A hermit crab.; A hummingbird in the subfamily Phaethornithinae.
hern: (n) Corner, nook.; A recess beside a wide chimney-fireside.; A corner of angular piece of land; a nook of land projecting into another district, parish, or field.(P) Hers; her own.(n) heron.
Hern: (N) A surname.
hernia: (n) A disorder in which a part of the body protrudes abnormally through a tear or opening in an adjacent part, especially of the abdomen.
hero: (n) Somebody who possesses great bravery and carries out extraordinary or noble deeds.; A role model.; The protagonist in a work of fiction.; The current player, especially an hypothetical player for example and didactic purposes. Compare: villain (“any opponent player”). Not to be confused with hero call (“a weak call against a supposed bluff”).; A large sandwich made from meats and cheeses; a hero sandwich.; The product chosen from several candidates to be photographed.; The eye-catching top portion of a web page, sometimes including a hero image; the portion above the fold.
Hero: (N) Any of a number of legendary men and women, including the priestess loved by Leander.; A female given name from Ancient Greek of English-speakers.
Herod: (N) The name of any of a number of members of the Herodian dynasty who ruled in the Roman province of Judea.; The biblical king who is said to have ordered the execution of all baby boys under the age of two in the town of Bethlehem and the surrounding region, as he saw Jesus as a threat to his rule; identified with Herod the Great.
heroes: (n) plural of hero
heroic: (aj) Of or relating to a hero or heroine; supremely noble; Courageous; displaying heroism.; Of a size larger than life, but less than colossal.(n) A heroic verse.
heroin: (n) A powerful and addictive drug derived from opium producing intense euphoria. Classed as an illegal narcotic in most of the world.
heron: (n) A long-legged, long-necked wading bird of the family Ardeidae.
Heron: (N) A surname.
herons: (n) plural of heron
herpes: (n) A viral infection, caused by Human alphaherpesvirus 1 and Human alphaherpesvirus 2, marked by painful, watery blisters in the skin or mucous membranes or on the genitals.
Herr: (N) A surname.
hers: (P) That which belongs to her; the possessive case of she, used without a following noun.(n) plural of her
Hers: (P) Honorific alternative letter-case form of hers, sometimes used when referring to God or another important figure who is understood from context.
hertz: (n) In the International System of Units, the derived unit of frequency; one (period or cycle of any periodic event) per second. Symbol: Hz
Hertz: (N) A surname, from German.(n) Alternative letter-case form of hertz (“Hz”)
hes: (n) plural of he(d) Alternative form of his when pronounced as he's; belonging to him.(P) Alternative form of his when pronounced as he's; that that belongs to him.(ab) Alternative form of he's(v) Pronunciation spelling of has, representing dialectal English.
Hes: (N) plural of He
Hesiod: (N) An Ancient Greek poet and rhapsodist.
Hesper: (N) Hesperus, the evening star
Hess: (N) A habitational surname, from German of German and Ashkenazi origin, denoting a person from Hesse.; An unincorporated community in Jackson County, Oklahoma, United States.
Hesse: (N) A former realm and modern state of Germany.; A surname, from German.
hest: (n) Command, injunction.
het: (n) A heterosexual person.; Fan fiction based on celebrities or fictional characters involved in an opposite-sex romantic and/or sexual relationship.(aj) Heterosexual.(v) simple past tense and past participle of heat(aj) Heated.(n) heterozygote(aj) heterozygous(n) Alternative form of heth (“Semitic letter”)
heth: (n) The eighth letter of many Semitic alphabets (Phoenician, Aramaic, Hebrew, Syriac, Arabic and others).
Heth: (N) A surname.
hetman: (n) A Cossack headman or general.; Title used by the second-highest military commander in Poland and Lithuania (15th to 18th century).
hetmen: (n) plural of hetman
hew: (v) To chop away at; to whittle down; to mow down.; To shape; to form.; To act according to, to conform to; usually construed with to.(n) Hue; colour.; Shape; form.; Destruction by cutting down.
Hew: (N) A patronymic surname, from given names.
hewed: (v) past participle of hew
hewing: (v) present participle of hew(n) The act of one who hews or chops.
hewn: (aj) Made or crafted by cutting, whittling down.; Having been cut or mown down.(v) past participle of hew
hex: (v) To cast a spell on (specifically an evil spell), to bewitch.(n) An evil spell or curse.; A witch.; A spell (now rare but still found in compounds such as hex sign and hexcraft).(n) Clipping of hexadecimal.(n) A hexagonal space on a game board.; a hexagon-shaped item of rock climbing equipment intended to be wedged into a crack or other opening in the rock.
hexad: (n) A group of six.; An element or radical with the combining power of six units, i.e. six atoms of hydrogen.
hexane: (n) Any of five isomeric aliphatic hydrocarbons, C₆H₁₄. They are colorless, volatile liquids.
hexone: (n) A liquid hydrocarbon, C₆H₈, of the valylene series, obtained from distillation products of certain fats and gums.
hexose: (n) A sugar or saccharide containing six carbon atoms.
hexyl: (n) Any of many isomeric univalent hydrocarbon radicals, C₆H₁₃, formally derived from hexane by the loss of a hydrogen atom
hey: (i) An exclamation to get attention.; A protest or reprimand.; An expression of surprise.; An informal greeting, similar to hi.; A request for repetition or explanation; an expression of confusion.; A meaningless beat marker or extra, filler syllable in song lyrics.(n) A choreographic figure in which three or more dancers weave between one another, passing by left and right shoulder alternately.(n) Alternative spelling of he (Hebrew letter)
Hey: (N) A surname.
heyday: (n) A period of success, popularity, or power; prime.; An exultation of the spirits; gaiety; frolic.(i) A lively greeting.; An expression of frolic and exultation, and sometimes of wonder.
heyed: (v) plural of hey
heying: (v) plural of hey
hi: (i) A friendly, informal, casual greeting said upon someone's arrival.; An exclamation to call attention.; Expressing wonder or derision.(n) The word "hi" used as a greeting.(aj) Informal spelling of high, often in hyphenated terms.
Hi: (N) A male given name, a short form of Hiram
hiatus: (n) A gap in a series, making it incomplete.; An interruption, break or pause.; An unexpected break from work.; A gap in geological strata.; An opening in an organ.; A syllable break between two vowels, without an intervening consonant. (Compare diphthong.)
hic: (i) An approximation to the sound of a hiccup, used e.g. to indicate drunkenness.
hiccup: (n) A spasm of the diaphragm, or the resulting sound.; Any spasm or sudden change.; A minor setback.(v) To produce a hiccup; have the hiccups.; To say with a hiccup.; To produce an abortive sound like a hiccup.
hick: (n) An awkward, naive, clumsy and/or rude country person.(v) to hiccup
Hick: (N) A diminutive of the male given name Richard; A patronymic surname, from given names.
hicker: (adj) plural of hick
hickest: (adj) plural of hick
hickey: (n) A bruise-like mark made during petting by pressing the mouth to the skin on one’s partner’s body and sucking.; An object whose name is unknown or cannot be recalled.; A printing defect caused by foreign matter on the printing surface resulting in a ring where the ink is missing, appearing as a spot of ink surrounded by a halo, or as an unprinted spot within a solid printed area.; A serif or other ornamentation on type.; Local swelling in a tissue area, especially skin, often due to injury.; A tool for making smooth, semicircular bends in conduit and pipe.; An unintended negative outcome or loss in regards to a deal or action, often preceded by the words "taking a ..." or "took a ... ".
Hickey: (N) A surname, from Irish.
Hickok: (N) A surname.
hid: (v) simple past tense of hide; past participle of hide
hidden: (v) past participle of hide(aj) Located or positioned out of sight; not visually apparent.; Obscure.
hide: (v) To put (something) in a place where it will be harder to discover or out of sight.; To put oneself in a place where one will be harder to find or out of sight.(n) The skin of an animal.; The human skin.; One's own life or personal safety, especially when in peril.; (mainly British) A covered structure from which hunters, birdwatchers, etc can observe animals without scaring them.; A secret room for hiding oneself or valuables; a hideaway.; A covered structure to which a pet animal can retreat, as is recommended for snakes.(v) To beat with a whip made from hide.(n) A unit of land and tax assessment of varying size, originally as intended to support one household with dependents.
hides: (n) plural of hide(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hide
hiding: (v) present participle of hide(n) A state of concealment.; A place of concealment.(n) Skinning (of an animal) to yield a hide (for human use).; A beating or spanking.
hie: (v) To hasten; to go quickly, to hurry.; To hurry (oneself).(n) Haste; diligence.
hied: (v) simple past tense and past participle of hie
hiemal: (aj) Of or pertaining to winter, wintry.
hies: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hie
higgle: (v) To hawk or peddle provisions.; To wrangle (over a price, terms of an agreement, etc.); to haggle.
high: (aj) Physically elevated, extending above a base or average level:; Very elevated; extending or being far above a base; tall; lofty.; Physically elevated, extending above a base or average level:; Relatively elevated; rising or raised above the average or normal level from which elevation is measured.; Physically elevated, extending above a base or average level:; Above the batter's shoulders.; Physically elevated, extending above a base or average level:; Pertaining to (or, especially of a language: spoken in) in an area which is at a greater elevation, for example more mountainous, than other regions.; Having a specified elevation or height; tall.; Elevated in status, esteem, or prestige, or in importance or development; exalted in rank, station, or character.; Most exalted; foremost.; Elevated in status, esteem, or prestige, or in importance or development; exalted in rank, station, or character.; Of great importance and consequence: grave (if negative) or solemn (if positive).; Elevated in status, esteem, or prestige, or in importance or development; exalted in rank, station, or character.; Consummate; advanced (e.g. in development) to the utmost extent or culmination, or possessing a quality in its supreme degree, at its zenith.; Elevated in status, esteem, or prestige, or in importance or development; exalted in rank, station, or character.; Advanced in complexity (and hence potentially abstract and/or difficult to comprehend).; Very traditionalist and conservative, especially in favoring older ways of doing things; see e.g. high church, High Tory.; Elevated in mood; marked by great merriment, excitement, etc.; Luxurious; rich.; Lofty, often to the point of arrogant, haughty, boastful, proud.; Keen, enthused.; With tall waves.; Remote (to the north or south) from the equator; situated at (or constituting) a latitude which is expressed by a large number.; Large, great (in amount or quantity, value, force, energy, etc).; Having a large or comparatively larger concentration of (a substance, which is often but not always linked by "in" when predicative).; Acute or shrill in pitch, due to being of greater frequency, i.e. produced by more rapid vibrations (wave oscillations).; Made with some part of the tongue positioned high in the mouth, relatively close to the palate.; Greater in value than other cards, denominations, suits, etc.; Having the highest rank in a straight, flush or straight flush.; Greater in value than other cards, denominations, suits, etc.; Winning; able to take a trick, win a round, etc.; Strong-scented; slightly tainted/spoiled; beginning to decompose.; Intoxicated; under the influence of a mood-altering drug, formerly usually alcohol, but now (from the mid-20th century) usually not alcohol but rather marijuana, cocaine, heroin, etc.; Near, in its direction of travel, to the (direction of the) wind.; Positioned up the field, towards the opposing team's goal.(av) In or to an elevated position.; In or at a great value.; At a pitch of great frequency.(n) A high point or position, literally (as, an elevated place; a superior region; a height; the sky; heaven).or figuratively (as, a point of success or achievement; a time when things are at their best, greatest, most numerous, maximum, etc).; The maximum atmospheric temperature recorded at a particular location, especially during one 24-hour period.; A period of euphoria, from excitement or from an intake of drugs.; A drug that gives such a high.; A large area of elevated atmospheric pressure; an anticyclone.; The highest card dealt or drawn.(v) To rise.(n) Thought; intention; determination; purpose.(v) To hie; to hasten.
High: (N) A surname.
higher: (aj) comparative form of high: more high(av) comparative form of high: more high(n) A national school-leaving examination and university entrance qualification.(v) To make higher; to raise or increase in amount or quantity.; To ascend.
highly: (av) In a high or esteemed manner.; Extremely; greatly; very much.
hight: (v) simple past tense of hote; To call, name.; To be called or named.; To command; to enjoin.(aj) Called, named.(n) Obsolete form of height.
Hight: (N) A surname.
highted: (v) plural of hight
hijack: (v) To forcibly seize control of some vehicle in order to rob it or to reach a destination (especially an airplane, truck or a boat).; To seize control of some process or resource to achieve a purpose other than its originally intended one.; To seize control of a networked computer by means of infecting it with a worm or other malware, thereby turning it into a zombie.; To change software settings without a user's knowledge so as to force that user to visit a certain web site.; To introduce an amendment deleting the contents of a bill and inserting entirely new provisions.(n) An instance of hijacking; the illegal seizure of a vehicle; a hijacking.; An instance of a seizure and redirection of a process.; An amendment which deletes the contents of a bill and inserts entirely new provisions.; Preflop, the position two before the dealer.
hike: (n) A long walk, usually for pleasure or exercise.; An abrupt increase.; The snap of the ball to start a play.; A sharp upward tug to raise something.(v) To take a long walk for pleasure or exercise.; To unfairly or suddenly raise a price.; To snap the ball to start a play.; To lean out to the windward side of a sailboat in order to counterbalance the effects of the wind on the sails.; To pull up or tug upwards sharply.(i) Let's go; get moving. A command to a dog sled team, given by a musher.
hill: (n) An elevated landmass smaller than a mountain.; A sloping road.; A heap of earth surrounding a plant.; A single cluster or group of plants growing close together, and having the earth heaped up about them.; The pitcher’s mound.; The raised portion of the surface of a vinyl record.(v) To form into a heap or mound.; To heap or draw earth around plants.
Hill: (N) Capitol Hill; the US Congress; Parliament Hill; the Parliament of Canada; the parliamentary precinct in Ottawa as opposed to parliamentary functions elsewhere in the country; A topographic surname, from Middle English for someone who lived on or by a hill.
hills: (n) plural of hill(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hill
Hills: (N) A surname.
hilly: (aj) Abundant in hills; having many hills.
hilt: (n) The handle of a sword, consisting of grip, guard, and pommel, designed to facilitate use of the blade and afford protection to the hand.; The base of the penis.(v) To provide with a hilt.; To insert (a bodily extremity) as far as it can go into a sexual orifice so that it is impeded by the wider base to which it is attached (finger until palm, penis until pelvis).
Hilt: (N) A surname.
hilts: (n) plural of hilt(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hilt
Hilts: (N) plural of Hilt
hilum: (n) The eye of a bean or other seed; the mark or scar at the point of attachment of an ovule or seed to its base or support.; The nucleus of a starch grain.; A depression or fissure through which ducts, nerves, or blood vessels enter and leave a gland or organ; a porta.
him: (P) A masculine pronoun; he as a grammatical object.; With dative effect or as an indirect object.; A masculine pronoun; he as a grammatical object.; Following a preposition.; A masculine pronoun; he as a grammatical object.; With accusative effect or as a direct object.; Used reflexively: (to) himself.; With nominative effect: he, especially as a predicate after be, or following a preposition.; Alternative letter-case form of Him(n) A male person or animal.
Him: (P) Honorific alternative letter-case form of him, sometimes used when referring to God or another important figure who is understood from context.(N) A surname, from Khmer.
hin: (n) A former Hebrew liquid measure of volume (about 3.8 L).; An Ancient Egyptian liquid measure of volume (about 0.48 L).
Hin: (N) A surname.
hind: (aj) Located at the rear (most often said of animals' body parts).(n) A female deer, especially a red deer at least two years old.; A spotted food fish of the genus Epinephelus.(n) A servant, especially an agricultural labourer.
Hind: (N) A surname, from nicknames.(N) Synonym of Hindustan
hinder: (v) To make difficult to accomplish; to act as an obstacle; to frustrate.; To delay or impede; to keep back, to prevent.; To cause harm.(aj) Of or belonging to that part or end which is in the rear or hind, or which follows.(n) The buttocks.
Hindi: (N) Modern Standard Hindi, a standardized and Sanskritized version of the Hindustani language.; The Central Zone of Indo-Aryan languages. These are also spoken in Fiji, Guyana and as a second language by Indians in many other countries.; All the lects in the Belt, which also includes lects that do not belong to the Central Zone of Indo-Aryan languages.; A historical name for a dialect spoken in Delhi, now known as Urdu, or Hindustani.(aj) In or relating to the Hindi language.
Hindoo: (n) Hindu(aj) Hindu, Indian.
hinds: (n) plural of hind
Hinds: (N) A surname.; A small town and river (the Hinds River) in south Canterbury, New Zealand.
Hindu: (aj) Of, or relating to Hinduism, or to Hindus and their culture.(n) A person adhering to the Hindu religion (Hinduism).; Any native inhabitant of Hindustan.
Hines: (N) A surname, from Irish.; A city in Harney County, Oregon, United States.
hing: (v) alternative form of hang(n) Asafoetida, especially when used as a seasoning.
Hing: (N) A surname.
hinge: (n) A jointed or flexible device that allows the pivoting of a door etc.; A naturally occurring joint resembling such hardware in form or action, as in the shell of a bivalve.; A stamp hinge, a folded and gummed paper rectangle for affixing postage stamps in an album.; A principle, or a point in time, on which subsequent reasonings or events depend.; The median of the upper or lower half of a batch, sample, or probability distribution.; One of the four cardinal points, east, west, north, or south.; A movement that presents itself as rotation when an off-centre fixed point is taken into account.(v) To attach by, or equip with a hinge.; To depend on something.; The breaking off of the distal end of a knapped stone flake whose presumed course across the face of the stone core was truncated prematurely, leaving not a feathered distal end but instead the scar of a nearly perpendicular break.; To bend.; To move or already be positioned in such a fashion that it presents itself as rotation when an off-centre fixed point is taken into account.
Hinge: (N) A surname.
hinged: (aj) Affixed by a hinge, as a door.; Extremely high on drugs.; Affixed with a stamp hinge(v) simple past tense and past participle of hinge
hinges: (n) plural of hinge(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hinge
Hinges: (N) plural of Hinge
hings: (n) plural of hing
hinny: (n) The hybrid offspring of a stallion (male horse) and a she-ass (female donkey).(v) To whinny(n) A term of endearment usually for women.
Hinny: (N) The ship of characters Harry Potter and Ginny Weasley of the Harry Potter series.
hint: (n) A clue.; An implicit suggestion that avoids a direct statement.; A small, barely detectable amount of.; Information in a computer-based font that suggests how the outlines of the font's glyphs should be distorted in order to produce, at specific sizes, a visually appealing pixel-based rendering; an instance of hinting.; An opportunity; occasion; fit time.(v) To imply without a direct statement; to provide a clue.; To bring to mind by a slight mention or remote allusion; to suggest in an indirect manner.; To develop and add hints to a font.
hinted: (v) simple past tense and past participle of hint
hinter: (n) Agent noun of hint; someone who hints.
hints: (n) plural of hint(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hint
hip: (n) The outward-projecting parts of the pelvis and top of the femur and the overlying tissue.; The inclined external angle formed by the intersection of two sloping roof planes.; In a bridge truss, the place where an inclined end post meets the top chord.; A drug addict, especially someone addicted to a narcotic like heroin.(v) To use one's hips to bump into someone.; To throw (one's adversary) over one's hip ("cross-buttock").; To dislocate or sprain the hip of, to fracture or injure the hip bone of (a quadruped) in such a manner as to produce a permanent depression of that side.; To make with a hip or hips, as a roof.(n) The fruit of a rose.(aj) Aware, informed, up-to-date, trendy.(v) To inform, to make knowledgeable.(i) An exclamation to invoke a united cheer: hip hip hooray.
Hip: (N) A diminutive of the female given name Hippolyta.; A surname.
hipped: (aj) Having hips or a feature resembling hips.; Having hips of a specific kind.(v) simple past tense and past participle of hip(v) simple past tense and past participle of hip(aj) Aware, informed.; Interested.(aj) Depressed.
hippie: (n) A teenager who imitated the beatniks.; One who chooses not to conform to prevailing social norms: especially one who subscribes to values or actions such as acceptance or self-practice of recreational drug use, liberal or radical sexual mores, advocacy of communal living, strong pacifism or anti-war sentiment, etc.; A person who keeps an unkempt or sloppy appearance and has unusually long hair (for males), and is thus often stereotyped as a deadbeat.; Someone who dresses in a hippie style.; One who is hip.(aj) Of or pertaining to hippies.; Not conforming to generally accepted standards.
hippo: (n) Clipping of hippopotamus.
hippy: (n) Alternative spelling of hippie(aj) Having large or prominent hips.
hips: (n) plural of hip(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hip
hipt: (v) plural of hip
Hiram: (N) A king of Tyre. (biblical character); A male given name from Hebrew, taken into use by Puritans in the seventeenth century.
hire: (n) Payment for the temporary use of something.; Reward, payment.; The state of being hired, or having a job; employment.; A person who has been hired, especially in a cohort.(v) To obtain the services of in return for fixed payment.; To employ; to obtain the services of (a person) in exchange for remuneration; to give someone a job.; To exchange the services of for remuneration.; To accomplish by paying for services.; To accept employment.
Hire: (N) A surname.
hired: (v) simple past tense and past participle of hire
hires: (n) plural of hire(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hire
Hires: (N) A surname.
hiring: (v) present participle of hire(n) The act by which an employee is hired.; A fair or market where servants were engaged.
his: (d) Belonging to him.; Belonging to a person of unspecified gender.; Its; belonging to it. (Now only when implying personification.); Used as a genitive marker in place of ’s after a noun, especially a masculine noun ending in -s, to express the possessive case.(P) That which belongs to him; the possessive case of he, used without a following noun.; Alternative spelling of His(n) plural of hi
His: (P) Honorific alternative letter-case form of his, sometimes used when referring to God or another important figure who is understood from context.(N) Swiss-born cardiologist and anatomist Wilhelm His Jr., after whom the bundle of His (His bundle) is named.
hispid: (aj) Covered in short, stiff hairs; bristly.
hiss: (n) A sibilant sound, such as that made by a snake or escaping steam; an unvoiced fricative.; An expression of disapproval made using such a sound.(v) To make a hissing sound.; To condemn or express contempt (for someone or something) by hissing.; To utter (something) with a hissing sound.; To move with a hissing sound.; To emit or eject (something) with a hissing sound.; To whisper, especially angrily or urgently.
hissed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of hiss
hisses: (n) plural of hiss(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hiss
hist: (i) An utterance used to discreetly attract someone's attention.; An injunction to be silent and/or to pay attention to what is being said or can be heard.(n) An instance of an exclamation attracting attention or injunction to be silent.(v) Pronunciation spelling of hoist.
Hist: (n) History (in journal titles such as "J Hist Neurosci" - "Journal of the History of Neuroscience").
hit: (v) To strike.; To administer a blow to, directly or with a weapon or missile.; To strike.; To come into contact with forcefully and suddenly.; To strike.; To strike against something.; To strike.; To activate a button or key by pressing and releasing it.; To strike.; To kill a person, usually on the instructions of a third party.; To strike.; To attack, especially amphibiously.; To manage to touch (a target) in the right place.; To switch on.; To briefly visit.; To encounter an obstacle or other difficulty.; To attain, to achieve.; To reach or achieve.; To attain, to achieve.; To meet or reach what was aimed at or desired; to succeed, often by luck.; To attain, to achieve.; To guess; to light upon or discover.; To affect negatively.; To attack.; To make a play.; In blackjack, to deal a card to.; To make a play.; To come up to bat.; To make a play.; To take up, or replace by a piece belonging to the opposing player; said of a single unprotected piece on a point.; To use; to connect to.; To have sex with.; To inhale an amount of smoke from a narcotic substance, particularly marijuana.(n) A blow; a punch; a striking against; the collision of one body against another; the stroke that touches anything.; Something very successful, such as a song, film, or video game, that receives widespread recognition and acclaim.; An attack on a location, person or people.; A collision of a projectile with the target.; In the game of Battleship, a correct guess at where one's opponent ship is.; A match found by searching a computer system or search engine; A measured visit to a web site, a request for a single file from a web server.; An approximately correct answer in a test set.; The complete play, when the batter reaches base without the benefit of a walk, error, or fielder’s choice.; A dose of an illegal or addictive drug.; A premeditated murder done for criminal or political purposes.; A peculiarly apt expression or turn of thought; a phrase which hits the mark.; A move that throws one of the opponent's men back to the entering point.; A game won after the adversary has removed some of his men. It counts for less than a gammon.(aj) Very successful.(P) It.
hitch: (n) A sudden pull.; Any of various knots used to attach a rope to an object other than another rope.; A fastener or connection point, as for a trailer.; A problem, delay or source of difficulty.; A hidden or unfavorable condition or element.; A period of time spent in the military.(v) To pull with a jerk.; To attach, tie or fasten.; To marry oneself to; especially to get hitched.; Clipping of hitchhike, to thumb a ride.; To become entangled or caught; to be linked or yoked; to unite; to cling.; To move interruptedly or with halts, jerks, or steps; said of something obstructed or impeded.; To strike the legs together in going, as horses; to interfere.
Hitch: (N) A surname, from given names.(N) Alfred Hitchcock
hither: (av) To this place, to here.; over here(aj) On this side; the nearer.
hithered: (v) plural of hither
hithering: (v) plural of hither
hithers: (v) plural of hither
hits: (d) Alternative form of its(n) plural of hit(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hit
hive: (n) A structure, whether artificial or natural, for housing a swarm of honeybees.; The bees of one hive; a swarm of bees.; A place swarming with busy occupants; a crowd.; A section of the registry.(v) To enter or possess a hive.; To form a hive-like entity.; To collect into a hive.; To store in a hive or similarly.; To take shelter or lodgings together; to reside in a collective body.
hiver: (n) One who collects bees into a hive.
hives: (n) Itchy, swollen, red areas of the skin which can appear quickly in response to an allergen or due to other conditions.(n) plural of hive(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hive
hm: (i) A shorter variant of hmm.
ho: (i) Used to attract attention to something sighted, usually by lookouts.; halloo; hey; a call to excite attention, or to give notice of approach; Said accompanying a vigorous attack.(n) A stop; a halt; a moderation of pace.(n) A whore; a sexually promiscuous woman; in general use as a highly offensive name-calling word for a woman with connotations of loose sexuality.(n) Care, anxiety, trouble, sorrow.(v) To care, be anxious, long.
Ho: (n) A Central-Eastern Indian Adivasi tribe numbering around 1 million, mainly following the religion of Sarna Dhorom(N) A Munda language spoken in India and Bangladesh.
hoagy: (n) Alternative form of hoagie
hoar: (n) A white or greyish-white colour.; Hoariness; antiquity.(aj) Of a white or greyish-white colour.; Hoarily bearded.; Musty; mouldy; stale.; Figuratively, grey-haired with age.(v) To become mouldy or musty.
Hoar: (N) A surname.
hoard: (n) A hidden supply or fund.; A cache of valuable objects or artefacts; a trove.(v) To amass, usually for one's own private collection.(n) A hoarding (temporary structure used during construction).; A projecting structure (especially of wood) in a fortification, somewhat similar to and later superseded by the brattice.; A hoarding (billboard).(n) Misspelling of horde.
Hoard: (N) A surname.
hoards: (n) plural of hoard(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hoard
Hoards: (N) plural of Hoard
hoarse: (aj) Having a dry, harsh tone to the voice, as a result of a sore throat, age, emotion, etc.
hoary: (aj) White, whitish, or greyish-white.; White or grey with age.; Of a pale silvery grey.; Covered with short, dense, greyish white hairs; canescent.; Remote in time past.; Moldy; mossy; musty.; Old or old-fashioned; trite.
hoax: (v) To deceive (someone) by making them believe something that has been maliciously or mischievously fabricated.(n) Anything deliberately intended to deceive or trick.
hob: (n) A kind of cutting tool, used to cut the teeth of a gear.; The flat projection or iron shelf at the side of a fire grate, where things are put to be kept warm.; The top cooking surface on a cooker; a cooktop. It typically comprises several cooking elements (often four), also known as 'rings'.; A rounded peg used as a target in several games, especially in quoits.; A male ferret.; The hub of a wheel.(v) To create (a gear) by cutting with a hob.; To engage in the process of cutting gears with a hob.(n) A fairy; a sprite; an elf; a bogey.; A countryman; a rustic or yokel.
Hob: (N) A nickname for Robin or Robert; A nickname for Robin Goodfellow, Puck; (later) the devil; A patronymic surname, from given names.
Hobart: (N) The capital city of Tasmania, Australia, named for a Lord Hobart.; A patronymic English surname, from given names derived from a variant of Hubert.; A city in Indiana; A village in New York; A city, the county seat of Kiowa County, Oklahoma.; A census-designated place in Washington (state); A village in Wisconsin
Hobbes: (N) A patronymic surname, from given names.
hobble: (n) One of the short straps tied between the legs of unfenced horses, allowing them to wander short distances but preventing them from running off.; An unsteady, off-balance step.; A difficult situation; a scrape.; An odd job; a piece of casual work.(v) To fetter by tying the legs; to restrict (a horse) with hobbles.; To walk lame, or unevenly.; To move roughly or irregularly.; To perplex; to embarrass.
Hobbs: (N) A patronymic surname, from given names.; A city in New Mexico
hobby: (n) An activity that one enjoys doing in one's spare time.; An extinct breed of horse native to the British Isles, also known as the Irish Hobby(n) Any of four species of small falcons in the genus Falco, especially Falco subbuteo.
Hobby: (N) An English surname, from given names.
hobnob: (n) A toast made while touching glasses together.; A drinking together.; An informal chat.(v) To drink together.; To associate with in a friendly manner, often with those of a higher class or status.; To have or have not; to give or take.; To toast one another by touching glasses.(aj) On friendly terms; in friendly association.(av) At random; at a venture; hit and miss.
hobo: (n) A wandering homeless person, especially (historical) one illegally travelling by rail or (derogatory) a penniless, unemployed bum.; Any migratory laborer, whether homeless or not.; A kind of large handbag.(v) To be a hobo, tramp, bum etc.
hock: (n) A Rhenish wine, of a light yellow color, either sparkling or still, from the Hochheim region; often applied to all Rhenish wines.(n) The tarsal joint of a digitigrade quadruped, such as a horse, pig or dog.; Meat from that part of a food animal.(v) To disable by cutting the tendons of the hock; to hamstring; to hough.(v) To leave with a pawnbroker as security for a loan.(n) Pawn, obligation as collateral for a loan.; Debt.; Installment purchase.; Prison.(v) To bother; to pester; to annoy incessantly.(v) To cough heavily, especially causing uvular frication.; To cough while the vomit reflex is triggered; to gag.; To cough heavily, especially causing uvular frication.; To produce mucus from coughing or clearing one's throat.(n) The last card turned up in the game of faro.
hockey: (n) Ice hockey, a game on ice in which two teams of six players skate and try to score by shooting a puck into the opposing team's net, using their sticks.; Field hockey, a team sport played on a pitch on solid ground where players have to hit a ball into a net using a hockey stick.; A variation of hockey, such as roller hockey, street hockey, shinny, or ball hockey.(n) Faeces, excrement.(n) Alternative form of oche.
Hockey: (N) A surname.
hocus: (v) To play a trick on, to trick (someone); to hoax; to cheat.; To stupefy (someone) with drugged liquor (especially in order to steal from them).; To drug (liquor).; To adulterate (food).(n) A magician, illusionist, one who practises sleight of hand.; One who cheats or deceives.; Trick; trickery.; Drugged liquor.
hod: (v) To bob up and down on horseback, as an inexperienced rider may do; to jog.(n) A three-sided box mounted on a pole for carrying bricks, mortar, or other construction materials over the shoulder.; The amount of material held by a hod (sense 1); a hodful.; A blowpipe used by a pewterer.; A bookmaker's bag.; A receptacle for carrying coal, particularly one shaped like a bucket which is designed for loading coal or coke through the door of a firebox.
hodden: (n) A scottish coarse woollen cloth.
hodman: (n) A bricklayer's or mason's laborer who carries bricks, mortar, cement and the like in a hod.
hoe: (n) An agricultural tool consisting of a long handle with a flat blade fixed perpendicular to it at the end, used for digging rows.(v) To cut, dig, scrape, turn, arrange, or clean, with this tool.; To clear from weeds, or to loosen or arrange the earth about, with a hoe.(n) Alternative spelling of ho (“whore, prostitute”).(v) Alternative spelling of ho (“to prostitute”).(n) A piece of land that juts out towards the sea; a promontory.(n) The horned or piked dogfish.
Hoe: (N) A village and civil parish in Breckland district, Norfolk, England (OS grid ref TF995211).(N) A surname.
hoed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of hoe
hoeing: (v) present participle of hoe(n) The act of digging, weeding, etc. with a hoe.
hoes: (n) plural of hoe; plural of ho(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hoe
Hoes: (N) plural of Hoe
hog: (n) Any animal belonging to the Suidae family of mammals, especially the pig, the warthog, and the boar.; An adult swine (contrasted with a pig, a young swine).; A greedy person or thing; one who refuses to share.; A large motorcycle, particularly a Harley-Davidson.; A young sheep that has not been shorn.; A rough, flat scrubbing broom for scrubbing a ship's bottom under water.; A device for mixing and stirring the pulp from which paper is made.; A shilling coin; its value, 12 old pence.; A tanner, a sixpence coin; its value.; A half-crown coin; its value, 30 old pence.; the effect of the middle of the hull of a ship rising while the ends droop(v) To greedily take more than one's share, to take precedence at the expense of another or others.; To clip the mane of a horse, making it short and bristly.; To scrub with a hog, or scrubbing broom.; To cause the keel of a ship to arch upwards (the opposite of sag).(v) To process (bark, etc.) into hog fuel.(n) A quahog (clam)
hogan: (n) A one-room Navajo dwelling or ceremonial lodge, constructed of wood and earth and covered with mud.
Hogan: (N) A surname.
hogg: (n) A young sheep of either gender, until it cuts its first two teeth; a hogget.
Hogg: (N) A surname, from Old English.
hognut: (n) The pignut or hickory (Carya glabra of family Juglandaceae).; Conopodium majus, a tuberous plant of the Apiaceae.; Bunium bulbocastanum (black cumin) of the Apiaceae.; Certain rushpeas, particularly Hoffmannseggia glauca (syn. Hoffmannseggia densiflora) Indian rushpea, of the Fabaceae.; Hyptis suaveolens of the Lamiaceae.
hogs: (n) plural of hog(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hog
hogtie: (v) Alternative spelling of hog-tie(n) Alternative spelling of hog-tie
hoi: (i) A call to gain someone's attention; hey!(a) Only used in hoi polloi
hoick: (n) Alternative spelling of hoik(v) Alternative spelling of hoik
hoicks: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hoick(i) Alternative form of yoicks (“hunting cry”)
hoicksed: (v) plural of hoicks
hoickses: (v) plural of hoicks
hoicksing: (v) plural of hoicks
hoiden: (n) Alternative form of hoyden(aj) Alternative form of hoyden(v) To romp rudely or indecently.
hoied: (v) plural of hoi
hoiing: (v) plural of hoi
hoing: (v) plural of ho
hois: (v) plural of hoi
hoist: (v) To raise; to lift; to elevate (especially, to raise or lift to a desired elevation, by means of tackle or pulley, said of a sail, a flag, a heavy package or weight).; To lift a trophy or similar prize into the air in celebration of a victory.; To lift someone up to be flogged.; To be lifted up.; To extract (code) from a loop construct as part of optimization.; To steal.; To rob.(n) A hoisting device, such as pulley or crane.; The act of hoisting; a lift.; The triangular vertical position of a flag, as opposed to the flying state, or triangular vertical position of a sail, when flying from a mast.; The position of a flag (on a mast) or of a sail on a ship when lifted up to its highest level.; The position of a main fore-and-aft topsail on a ship and fore fore-and-aft topsail on a ship.
hokku: (n) Synonym of haiku (“type of Japanese poem”)
hokum: (n) (An instance of) meaningless nonsense with an outward appearance of being impressive and legitimate.; (An instance of) excessively contrived, hackneyed, or sentimental material in a film, television programme, theater production, etc.; A film, television programme, theater production, etc., containing excessively contrived, hackneyed, or sentimental material.; A genre of blues song or music, often characterized by sexual innuendos or satire.
hold: (v) To grasp or grip.; To contain or store.; To maintain or keep to a position or state.; To have and keep possession of something.; To maintain or keep to a position or state.; To reserve.; To maintain or keep to a position or state.; To cause to wait or delay.; To maintain or keep to a position or state.; To detain.; To maintain or keep to a position or state.; To be or remain valid; to apply (usually in the third person).; To maintain or keep to a position or state.; To keep oneself in a particular state.; To maintain or keep to a position or state.; To impose restraint upon; to limit in motion or action; to bind legally or morally; to confine; to restrain.; To maintain or keep to a position or state.; To bear, carry, or manage.; To maintain or keep to a position or state.; Not to move; to halt; to stop.; To maintain or keep to a position or state.; Not to give way; not to part or become separated; to remain unbroken or unsubdued.; To maintain or keep to a position or state.; To remain continent; to control an excretory bodily function.; To maintain or keep to particular opinions, promises, actions.; To maintain, to consider, to opine.; To maintain or keep to particular opinions, promises, actions.; To bind (someone) to a consequence of his or her actions.; To maintain or keep to particular opinions, promises, actions.; To maintain in being or action; to carry on; to prosecute, as a course of conduct or an argument; to continue; to sustain.; To maintain or keep to particular opinions, promises, actions.; To accept, as an opinion; to be the adherent of, openly or privately; to persist in, as a purpose; to maintain; to sustain.; To maintain or keep to particular opinions, promises, actions.; To restrain oneself; to refrain; to hold back.; To win one's own service game.; To take place, to occur.; To organise an event or meeting (usually in passive voice).; To derive right or title.; In a food or drink order at an informal restaurant etc., requesting that a component normally included in that order be omitted.; To be in possession of illicit drugs for sale.(n) A grasp or grip.; An act or instance of holding.; A place where animals are held for safety; An order that something is to be reserved or delayed, limiting or preventing how it can be dealt with.; Something reserved or kept.; Power over someone or something.; The ability to persist.; The property of maintaining the shape of styled hair.; A position or grip used to control the opponent.; An exercise involving holding a position for a set time; The percentage the house wins on a gamble, the house or bookmaker's hold.; The wager amount, the total hold.; An instance of holding one's service game, as opposed to being broken.; The part of an object one is intended to grasp, or anything one can use for grasping with hands or feet.; A fruit machine feature allowing one or more of the reels to remain fixed while the others spin.; A pause facility.; The queueing system on telephones and similar communication systems which maintains a connection when all lines are busy.; A statistic awarded to a relief pitcher who is not still pitching at the end of the game and who records at least one out and maintains a lead for his team.; A region of airspace reserved for aircraft being kept in a holding pattern.(n) The cargo area of a ship or aircraft (often holds or cargo hold).(aj) Gracious; friendly; faithful; true.
holden: (v) past participle of hold
Holden: (N) A surname.; A male given name transferred from the surname.; A village in Alberta, Canada.; A lake in Lierne, Trøndelag, Norway.; A lake in Steinkjer, Trøndelag, Norway.; An unincorporated community in Livingston Parish, Louisiana.; A town in Penobscot County, Maine.; A town in Worcester County, Massachusetts.; A city in Johnson County, Missouri.; An unorganized territory in Adams County, North Dakota.; An unincorporated community in Auglaize County and Hardin County, Ohio.; A town in Millard County, Utah.; A census-designated place in Logan County, West Virginia.; An unincorporated town in Vermont.(n) A brand of car (automobile) originating in Australia.
holder: (n) A thing that holds.; A person who temporarily or permanently possesses something.; One who is employed in the hold of a vessel.; The defending champion.
Holder: (N) A surname.
holds: (n) plural of hold(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hold
holdup: (n) Alternative spelling of hold-up
hole: (n) A hollow place or cavity; an excavation; a pit; an opening in or through a solid body, a fabric, etc.; a perforation; a rent; a fissure.; An opening in a solid.; In games.; A subsurface standard-size hole, also called cup, hitting the ball into which is the object of play. Each hole, of which there are usually eighteen as the standard on a full course, is located on a prepared surface, called the green, of a particular type grass.; In games.; The part of a game in which a player attempts to hit the ball into one of the holes.; In games.; The rear portion of the defensive team between the shortstop and the third baseman.; In games.; A square on the board, with some positional significance, that a player does not, and cannot in future, control with a friendly pawn.; In games.; A card (also called a hole card) dealt face down thus unknown to all but its holder; the status in which such a card is.; In games.; In the game of fives, part of the floor of the court between the step and the pepperbox.; An excavation pit or trench.; A weakness; a flaw or ambiguity.; A container or receptacle.; In semiconductors, a lack of an electron in an occupied band behaving like a positively charged particle.; A security vulnerability in software which can be taken advantage of by an exploit.; An orifice, in particular the anus. When used with shut it always refers to the mouth.; Sex, or a sex partner.; Solitary confinement, a high-security prison cell often used as punishment.; An undesirable place to live or visit; a hovel.; Difficulty, in particular, debt.; A chordless cycle in a graph.; A passing loop; a siding provided for trains traveling in opposite directions on a single-track line to pass each other.(v) To make holes in (an object or surface).; To destroy.; To go into a hole.; To drive into a hole, as an animal, or a billiard ball or golf ball.; To cut, dig, or bore a hole or holes in.(aj) Obsolete spelling of whole.
Hole: (N) A surname.
holes: (n) plural of hole(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hole
Holes: (N) A surname.(N) plural of Hole
holier: (aj) comparative form of holy: more holy; more sacred.; comparative form of holey: more holey; more full of holes.
holily: (av) In a holy way; with sanctity.
holism: (n) A theory or belief that the whole is greater than the sum of the parts.; A practice based on such a theory or belief.
holler: (n) A yell, shout.; By extension, any communication to get somebody's attention.(v) To yell or shout.; To call out one or more words; To complain, gripe(n) Alternative form of hollow (small valley between mountains).(aj) Alternative form of hollow.
Holler: (N) A surname.
hollo: (i) Hey, hello(n) A cry of "hollo"(v) To cry "hollo"
hollow: (n) A small valley between mountains.; A sunken area or unfilled space in something solid; a cavity, natural or artificial.; A feeling of emptiness.; A sunken area.(v) to make a hole in something; to excavate(aj) Having an empty space or cavity inside.; Distant, eerie; echoing, reverberating, as if in a hollow space; dull, muffled; often low-pitched.; Without substance; having no real or significant worth; meaningless.; Insincere, devoid of validity; specious.; Concave; gaunt; sunken.; Pertaining to hollow body position(av) Completely, as part of the phrase beat hollow or beat all hollow.(v) To call or urge by shouting; to hollo.(i) Alternative form of hollo
holly: (n) Any of various shrubs or (mostly) small trees, of the genus Ilex, either evergreen or deciduous, used as decoration especially at Christmas.; The wood from this tree.; Any of several unrelated plant species likened to Ilex because of their prickly, evergreen foliage and/or round, bright-red berries
Holly: (N) A female given name from English.; A topographic surname, from Middle English.; A male given name transferred from the surname.
holm: (n) Small island, islet.; An island in a lake, river or estuary; an eyot.; Any small island, but especially one near a larger island or the mainland, sometimes with holly bushes; an islet. Often the word is used in Norse-influenced place-names. See also holme.; Rich flat land near a river, prone to being completely flooded; a river-meadow; bottomland.(n) The holly.; A common evergreen oak of Europe, Quercus ilex; the holm oak.
Holm: (N) A surname.
Holmes: (N) A northern English surname, from Middle English, variant of Holme.; a Scottish habitational surname from the place near Dundonald.; Sherlock Holmes, fictional detective.; by extension, someone acting like, or showing the ability of Sherlock Holmes.; A male given name transferred from the surname.; A hamlet in Tarleton parish, West Lancashire district, Lancashire, England (OS grid ref SD4319).; A suburb of Rotherham, South Yorkshire, England (OS grid ref SK4193).; A suburb of Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Humboldt County, California.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Wright County, Iowa.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Adair County, Kentucky.; A number of places in the United States:; A township in Menominee County, Michigan.; A number of places in the United States:; A hamlet in Pawling, Dutchess County, New York.; A number of places in the United States:; A township in Crawford County, Ohio.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Delaware County, Pennsylvania.
holmic: (aj) Relating to holmium.
holp: (v) simple past tense of help
holpen: (v) past participle of help
hols: (n) Holidays (time off work or time spent travelling).
holt: (n) A small piece of woodland or a woody hill; a copse.; The lair of an animal, especially of an otter.
Holt: (N) An English and north-west European topographic surname for someone who lived by a small wood.; A market town in Norfolk, England (OS grid ref TG0738).; A village in Dorset, England.; A village and civil parish in Wiltshire, England (OS grid ref ST8662).; A village and civil parish in Malvern Hills district, Worcestershire, England (OS grid ref SO8262).
holy: (aj) Dedicated to a religious purpose or a god.; Revered in a religion.; Morally perfect or flawless, or nearly so.; Separated or set apart from (something unto something or someone else).; Set apart or dedicated for a specific purpose, or for use by a single entity or person.; Used as an intensifier in various interjections.(n) A thing that is extremely holy; used almost exclusively in Holy of Holies.
Holy: (aj) Alternative letter-case form of holy used when referring to an important figure, such as God, or to an important item or event.
homage: (n) A demonstration of respect, such as towards an individual after their retirement or death; An artistic work imitating another in a flattering style.; In feudalism, the formal oath of a vassal to honor his or her lord's rights.(v) To pay reverence to by external action.; To cause to pay homage.
hombre: (n) A man, a chap, a guy; especially a Hispanic or Spanish man.
home: (n) A dwelling.; One’s own dwelling place; the house or structure in which one lives; especially the house in which one lives with one's family; the habitual abode of one’s family; also, one’s birthplace.; A dwelling.; The place where a person was raised; childhood or parental home; home of one’s parents or guardian.; A dwelling.; The abiding place of the affections, especially of the domestic affections.; A dwelling.; A house that has been made home-like, to suit the comfort of those who live there.; A dwelling.; A place of refuge, rest or care; an asylum.; A dwelling.; The grave; the final rest; also, the native and eternal dwelling place of the soul.; One’s native land; the place or country in which one dwells; the place where one’s ancestors dwell or dwelt.; The locality where a thing is usually found, or was first found, or where it is naturally abundant; habitat; seat.; A focus point.; The ultimate point aimed at in a progress; the goal.; A focus point.; Home plate.; A focus point.; The place of a player in front of an opponent’s goal; also, the player.; A focus point.; The landing page of a website; the site's homepage.; Clipping of home directory.(v) To return to its owner.; To seek or aim for something.(aj) Of, from, or pertaining to one’s dwelling or country; domestic; not foreign; That strikes home; direct, pointed.; Personal, intimate.; Relating to the home team (the team at whose venue a game is played).(av) To one's home; To one's place of residence or one's customary or official location; To one's home; To one's place of birth; To one's home; To the place where it belongs; to the end of a course; to the full length; To one's home; To the home page; At or in one's place of residence or one's customary or official location; at home; To a full and intimate degree; to the heart of the matter; fully, directly.; into the goal; into the right, proper or stowed position
Home: (n) A key that when pressed causes the cursor to go to the first character of the current line, or in a web browser to the top of the web page.(N) A habitational surname, from Old English.
homely: (aj) Characteristic of, belonging to, or befitting a home; domestic, cozy.; Lacking in beauty or elegance, plain in appearance, physically unattractive.; On intimate or friendly terms with (someone); familiar; at home (with a person); intimate.; Domestic; tame.; Personal; private.; Friendly; kind; gracious; cordial.; Conservative and family-oriented.; Simple; plain; familiar; unelaborate; unadorned.
homer: (n) A former Hebrew unit of dry volume, about equal to 230 L or 6+¹⁄₂ US bushels.; Synonym of cor: approximately the same volume as a liquid measure.(n) A four-base hit; a home run; A homing pigeon.; A person who is extremely devoted to a favorite team.; A homing beacon.(v) To hit a homer; to hit a home run.
Homer: (N) Ancient Greek poet; author of the Iliad and the Odyssey; A male given name from Ancient Greek.; A town, the county seat of Banks County, Georgia, United States.; A town, the parish seat of Claiborne Parish, Louisiana, United States.(N) A surname, from Middle English.
homes: (n) plural of home(n) Alternative spelling of holmes(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of home
Homes: (n) plural of Home
homey: (n) Alternative form of homie(aj) Befitting a home; cozy, intimate.
homily: (n) A sermon, especially concerning a practical matter.; A moralizing lecture.; A platitude.(av) In a homey manner.
homines: (n) plural of homo
homing: (v) present participle of home
homings: (n) plural of homing
hominy: (n) A food made from hulled corn (maize) kernels soaked in lye water, rinsed, then cooked and eaten; or, the rinsed kernels are dried and coarsely ground into hominy grits.
homo: (n) Clipping of homosexual.; Homogenized milk with a high butterfat content.(aj) Of or pertaining to homosexuality.; Homogenized; almost always said of milk with a high butterfat content.(n) A human.
homy: (aj) homely
hon: (n) Honey, sweetheart, a term of endearment; (Southern US) a friendly term of address.(i) ; (typically) cheering a sports team, especially a GAA team; exhortation or encouragement come on; congratulations well done, bravo
Hon: (aj) Honourable (in the titles of Members of Parliament)
Honan: (N) Alternative form of Henan, in its various senses.(N) A surname, from Irish.
Honans: (n) plural Honan
hone: (n) A sharpening stone composed of extra-fine grit used for removing the burr or curl from the blade of a razor or some other edge tool.; A machine tool used in the manufacture of precision bores.(v) To sharpen with a hone; to whet.; To use a hone to produce a precision bore.; To refine or master (a skill).; To make more acute, intense, or effective.(n) A kind of swelling in the cheek.(v) To grumble.; To pine, lament, or long.(i) Synonym of alas Used to express sorrow, or grief
honest: (aj) Scrupulous with regard to telling the truth; not given to swindling, lying, or fraud; upright.; True, especially as far as is known by the person making the statement; fair; unbiased.; In good faith; without malice.; Accurate.; Authentic; full.; Earned or acquired in a fair manner.; Open; frank.; Decent; honourable; suitable; becoming.; Chaste; faithful; virtuous.(v) To adorn or grace; to honour; to make becoming, appropriate, or honourable.(av) Honestly; really.
honey: (n) A viscous, sweet fluid produced from plant nectar by bees. Often used to sweeten tea or to spread on baked goods.; A variety of this substance.; Nectar.; Something sweet or desirable.; A term of affection.; A woman, especially an attractive one.; A spectrum of pale yellow to brownish-yellow colour, like that of most types of (the sweet substance) honey.(aj) Involving or resembling honey.; Of a pale yellow to brownish-yellow colour, like most types of honey.(v) To sweeten; to make agreeable.; To add honey to.; To be gentle, agreeable, or coaxing; to talk fondly; to use endearments.; To be or become obsequiously courteous or complimentary; to fawn.
Honey: (N) A surname.
hong: (v) past tense of hang(n) a foreign trading company in China
honging: (v) plural of hong
honied: (aj) Alternative spelling of honeyed
honiedly: (adv) plural of honied
honk: (v) To use a car horn.; To make a loud, harsh sound like a car horn.; To make the vocal sound of a goose.; To vomit: regurgitate the contents of one's stomach.; To have a bad smell.; To squeeze playfully, usually a breast or nose.(n) The sound produced by a typical car horn.; The cry of a goose.; A bad smell.(i) Imitation of car horn, used, for example, to clear a path for oneself.(n) Clipping of honky.
honky: (n) A white (Caucasian) person.; A factory hand or general unskilled worker.
honor: (n) recognition of importance or value; respect; veneration (of someone, usually for being morally upright or successful); the state of being morally upright, honest, noble, virtuous, and magnanimous; excellence of character; the perception of such a state; favourable reputation; dignity; a token of praise or respect; something that represents praiseworthiness or respect, such as a prize or award given by the state to a citizen; a privilege; the privilege of going first; the right to play one's ball before one's opponent.; a cause of respect and fame; a glory; an excellency; an ornament.; a seigniory or lordship held of the king, on which other lordships and manors depended; the center point of the upper half of an armorial escutcheon (compare honour point); In bridge, an ace, king, queen, jack, or ten especially of the trump suit. In some other games, an ace, king, queen or jack.; (courses for) an honours degree: a university qualification of the highest rank(v) to think of highly, to respect highly; to show respect for; to recognise the importance or spiritual value of; to conform to, abide by, act in accordance with (an agreement, treaty, promise, request, or the like); to confer (bestow) an honour or privilege upon (someone); to make payment in respect of (a cheque, banker's draft, etc.)
Honor: (N) A female given name from English.; A surname.
honors: (n) plural of honor(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of honor(aj) At an excelling level in academics.
honour: (n) British spelling, Canadian spelling, South African spelling, Commonwealth of Nations, and Ireland standard spelling of honor.(v) British spelling, Canadian spelling, Commonwealth of Nations, and Ireland standard spelling of honor.
Honour: (N) A female given name from English, a less common spelling of Honor.
hons: (n) plural of hon
Honshu: (N) The main island of the Japanese Archipelago.
hoo: (P) she; he, also a gender-neutral third person pronoun(i) hurrah; an exclamation of triumphant joy; Used to grab the attention of others.(av) how(n) A strip of land; a peninsula; a spur or ridge.
Hoo: (N) The village of Hoo St Werburgh on the Hoo Peninsula in Kent, England.; A village and civil parish in East Suffolk district, Suffolk, England (OS grid ref TM2558).
hooch: (n) Alcoholic liquor, especially inferior or illicit whisky.(n) A thatched hut, CHU, or any simple dwelling.
hood: (n) A covering for the head attached to a larger garment such as a jacket or cloak.; A distinctively coloured fold of material, representing a university degree.; An enclosure that protects something, especially from above.; Particular parts of conveyances; A soft top of a convertible car or carriage.; Particular parts of conveyances; The hinged cover over the engine of a motor vehicle, known as a bonnet in other countries.; Particular parts of conveyances; A cover over the engine, driving machinery or inner workings of something.; Particular parts of conveyances; A metal covering that leads to a vent to suck away smoke or fumes.; Particular parts of conveyances; One of the endmost planks (or, one of the ends of the planks) in a ship’s bottom at bow or stern, that fits into the rabbet. (These, when fit into the rabbet, resemble a hood (covering).); Various body parts; An expansion on the sides of the neck typical for many elapids e.g. the Egyptian cobra (Naja haje) and Indian cobra (Naja naja).; Various body parts; The osseous or cartilaginous marginal extension behind the back of many a dinosaur such as a ceratopsid and reptiles such as Chlamydosaurus kingii.; Various body parts; In the human hand, over the extensor digitorum, an expansion of the extensor tendon over the metacarpophalangeal joint (the extensor hood syn. dorsal hood syn. lateral hood)(v) To cover something with a hood.(n) Gangster, thug.(aj) Relating to inner-city everyday life, both positive and negative aspects; especially people’s attachment to and love for their neighborhoods.(n) Neighborhood.(n) Person wearing a hoodie.
Hood: (N) A surname.; A census-designated place in Sacramento County, California, United States.
hooded: (aj) Wearing a hood.; Covered with a hood.; Shaped like a hood.; Having a crest or similar elastic skin or muscle or bone in the neck or behind-the-head area.; Fitted with a hood.; Having thick, drooping eyelids.(v) simple past tense and past participle of hood
hoodoo: (n) A set of spiritual practices and traditions created and concealed from slave-owners by enslaved Africans in North America, based on traditional African beliefs.; A practitioner of voodoo.; Supernatural bad luck, or something or someone believed to bring bad luck.; A tall thin spire of rock that protrudes from the bottom of arid basins and badlands.(v) To jinx; to bring bad luck or misfortune to.
hoods: (n) plural of hood(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hood
Hoods: (N) plural of Hood
hooey: (n) Silly talk or writing; nonsense, silliness, or fake assertion(s).(n) A hog-tie performed in a rodeo show.
hoof: (n) The tip of a toe of an ungulate such as a horse, ox or deer, strengthened by a thick keratin covering.; The human foot.; An ungula.(v) To trample with hooves.; To walk.; To dance, especially as a professional.; To kick, especially to kick a football a long way downfield with little accuracy.
hoofed: (aj) Having a hoof or hooves; ungulate.(v) simple past tense and past participle of hoof
hoofer: (n) A professional dancer, particularly one who has paid his or her dues
hoofs: (n) plural of hoof(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hoof
hook: (n) A rod bent into a curved shape, typically with one end free and the other end secured to a rope or other attachment.; A barbed metal hook used for fishing; a fishhook.; Any of various hook-shaped agricultural implements such as a billhook.; The curved needle used in the art of crochet.; The part of a hinge which is fixed to a post, and on which a door or gate hangs and turns.; A loop shaped like a hook under certain written letters, for example, g and j.; A tie-in to a current event or trend that makes a news story or editorial relevant and timely.; A snare; a trap.; The projecting points of the thighbones of cattle; called also hook bones.; Removal or expulsion from a group or activity.; A field sown two years in succession.; A brief, punchy opening statement intended to get attention from an audience, reader, or viewer, and make them want to continue to listen to a speech, read a book, or watch a play.; A gimmick or element of a creative work intended to be attention-grabbing for the audience; a compelling idea for a story that will be sure to attract people's attention.; A finesse.; A jack (the playing card).; A spit or narrow cape of sand or gravel turned landward at the outer end, such as Sandy Hook in New Jersey.; A catchy musical phrase which forms the basis of a popular song.; A ship's anchor.; Part of a system's operation that can be intercepted to change or augment its behaviour.; An instance of playing a word perpendicular to a word already on the board, adding a letter to the start or the end of the word to form a new word.; a diacritical mark shaped like the upper part of a question mark, as in ỏ.; a háček.; Senses relating to sports.; A curveball.; Senses relating to sports.; a basketball shot in which the offensive player, usually turned perpendicular to the basket, gently throws the ball with a sweeping motion of his arm in an upward arc with a follow-through which ends over his head. Also called hook shot.; Senses relating to sports.; A ball that is rolled in a curved line.; Senses relating to sports.; a type of punch delivered with the arm rigid and partially bent and the fist travelling nearly horizontally mesially along an arc; Senses relating to sports.; A type of shot played by swinging the bat in a horizontal arc, hitting the ball high in the air to the leg side, often played to balls which bounce around head height.; Senses relating to sports.; A golf shot that (for the right-handed player) curves unintentionally to the left. (See draw, slice, fade.); Any of the chevrons denoting rank.; A prostitute.; A pickpocket.(v) To attach a hook to.; To catch with a hook (hook a fish).; To work yarn into a fabric using a hook; to crochet.; To insert in a curved way reminiscent of a hook.; To ensnare or obligate someone, as if with a hook.; To steal.; To connect (hook into, hook together).; To make addicted; to captivate.; To play a hook shot.; To succeed in heeling the ball back out of a scrum (used particularly of the team's designated hooker).; To engage in the illegal maneuver of hooking (i.e., using the hockey stick to trip or block another player); To swerve a ball; kick or throw a ball so it swerves or bends.; To engage in prostitution.; To play a word perpendicular to another word by adding a single letter to the existing word.; To finesse.; To seize or pierce with the points of the horns, as cattle in attacking enemies; to gore.; To move or go with a sudden turn.
Hook: (N) A surname.; A suburb of Kingston upon Thames borough, Greater London, England.; A large village and civil parish in Hart district, Hampshire, England (OS grid ref SU7254).; A village in Fareham borough, Hampshire, England.; A village near Goole, East Riding of Yorkshire, England.; A village near Wootton Bassett, Wiltshire, England.; A village in Pembrokeshire, Wales.; A rural locality in South Canterbury, Canterbury, New Zealand, on the Hook River.
hookah: (n) A pipe with a long flexible tube that draws the smoke through water, traditionally used for smoking tobacco, which is often flavored.; A tank-less surface air compressor pump and umbilical piping system that supplies air to a diving mask
hooke: (n) Obsolete spelling of hook
Hooke: (N) A surname, from Middle English derived from hook, as an occupational or topographical name or a nickname.; Robert Hooke (1635 – 1703), an English polymath who played an important role in the scientific revolution, through both experimental and theoretical work. His best remembered contribution was the discovery of the biological cell.; A village in Dorset, England.
hooked: (v) simple past tense and past participle of hook(aj) Having a sharp curve at the end; resembling a hook.; Addicted; unable to resist or cease doing.
hooker: (n) One who, or that which, hooks.; A small fishing boat.; Any antiquated craft.; A player who hooks the ball out of the scrum with his foot.; A batsman or batswoman adept at or fond of playing hook shots.; A crocheter.; Synonym of hook (“attention-grabbing element of a creative work”); A thief who uses a pole with a hook on the end to steal goods.(n) A prostitute.; An imprecise measure of alcoholic drink; a "slug" (of gin), or an overlarge gulp.(n) Alternative spelling of hookah
Hooker: (N) An occupational surname, from occupations for a maker of hooks.; An unincorporated community in Tehama County, California.; An unincorporated community in Dade County, Georgia.; An unincorporated community in Clay County, Kentucky.; A ghost town in Pulaski County, Missouri.; An unincorporated community in Fairfield County, Ohio.; A small city in Texas County, Oklahoma.; An unincorporated community in Turner County, South Dakota.
hookies: (n) plural of hooky
hooks: (n) plural of hook(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hook
Hooks: (N) A surname.
hookup: (n) A connection.; A brief sexual relationship or encounter.; A sexual partner.
hooky: (n) Absence from school or work; truancy.(aj) Full of hooks (all senses).; Shaped like or resembling a hook; hooked.
hoop: (n) A circular band of metal used to bind a barrel.; A ring; a circular band; anything resembling a hoop.; A circular band of metal, wood, or similar material used for forming part of a framework such as an awning or tent.; A circle, or combination of circles, of thin whalebone, metal, or other elastic material, used for expanding the skirts of ladies' dresses; (hence, by extension) a hoop petticoat or hoop skirt.; A quart pot; so called because originally bound with hoops, like a barrel. Also, a portion of the contents measured by the distance between the hoops.; An old measure of capacity, variously estimated at from one to four pecks.; The rim part of a basketball net.; The game of basketball.; A hoop earring.; A horizontal stripe on the jersey.; A jockey.; An obstacle that must be overcome in order to proceed.(v) To bind or fasten using a hoop.; To clasp; to encircle; to surround.(n) A shout; a whoop, as in whooping cough.; The hoopoe.(v) To utter a loud cry, or a sound imitative of the word, by way of call or pursuit; to shout.; To whoop, as in whooping cough.
Hoop: (n) someone connected with Queens Park Rangers Football Club, as a fan, player, coach etc.
hooped: (aj) Containing hoops; beset with unfortunate circumstances that seem difficult or impossible to overcome; screwed.(v) simple past tense and past participle of hoop
hooper: (n) One who applies hoops to casks or tubs.; One who hula hoops.; The European whistling, or wild, swan (Cygnus olor).
Hooper: (N) An occupational surname, from occupations for a person who made hoops for barrels.
hoopla: (n) A bustling to-do, excited speech or noise.; A carnival game in which the player attempts to throw hoops around pegs.
hoopoe: (n) Any Old World bird of genus Upupa, especially Upupa epops (Eurasian hoopoe), known for its distinctive plumage, fanlike crest, and slender bill.
hoops: (n) plural of hoop(n) basketball(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hoop
Hoops: (n) plural of Hoop
hooray: (i) Used to express approval, joy or victory.(n) A shout to signify victory.; An expression of excitement.(v) To shout an expression of excitement.
hoot: (n) A derisive cry or shout.; The cry of an owl.; A fun event or person. (See hootenanny); A small particle; a whit or jot.(v) To cry out or shout in contempt.; To make the cry of an owl, a hoo.; To assail with contemptuous cries or shouts; to follow with derisive shouts.; To sound the horn of a vehicle
Hoot: (N) A surname.
hooted: (v) past participle of hoot
hoots: (n) plural of hoot(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hoot
Hoots: (N) plural of Hoot
hoover: (n) A vacuum cleaner, irrespective of brand.(v) To clean (a room, etc.) with a vacuum cleaner, irrespective of brand.; To use a vacuum cleaner, irrespective of brand.; To suck in or inhale, as if by a vacuum cleaner.
Hoover: (N) An American surname, from German (shared by several famous people including J. Edgar Hoover and Herbert Hoover).(n) A vacuum cleaner of the Hoover brand, or irrespective of brand (alternative form of hoover).
hooves: (n) plural of hoof
hop: (n) A short jump.; A jump on one leg.; A short journey, especially in the case of air travel, one that takes place on a private plane.; A bounce, especially from the ground, of a thrown or batted ball.; A dance; a gathering for the purpose of dancing.; The sending of a data packet from one host to another as part of its overall journey.(v) To jump a short distance.; To jump on one foot.; To be in state of energetic activity.; To suddenly take a mode of transportation that one does not drive oneself, often surreptitiously.; To jump onto, or over; To move frequently from one place or situation to another similar one.; To dance.; To walk lame; to limp.(n) The plant (Humulus lupulus) from whose flowers beer or ale is brewed.; The flowers of the hop plant, dried and used to brew beer etc.; Opium, or some other narcotic drug.; The fruit of the dog rose; a hip.(v) To impregnate with hops, especially to add hops as a flavouring agent during the production of beer; To gather hops.
Hop: (N) A surname, from Dutch.(N) Synonym of Mari (etymology 3)
hope: (v) To want something to happen, with a sense of expectation that it might.; To be optimistic; be full of hope; have hopes.; To place confidence; to trust with confident expectation of good; usually followed by in.; To wish.(n) The feeling of trust, confidence, belief or expectation that something wished for can or will happen.; The actual thing wished for.; A person or thing that is a source of hope.; The virtuous desire for future good.(n) A hollow; a valley, especially the upper end of a narrow mountain valley when it is nearly encircled by smooth, green slopes; a combe.(n) A sloping plain between mountain ridges.; A small bay; an inlet; a haven.
Hope: (N) A female given name from English from the virtue, like Faith and Charity first used by Puritans.; An English and Scottish topographic surname, from Middle English for someone who lived in a hop, a small enclosed valley.; A male given name transferred from the surname.; A place name, including:; A town and district municipality in British Columbia, Canada.; A place name, including:; A settlement in Nelson district, New Zealand.; A place name, including:; A village in High Peak borough, Derbyshire, England (OS grid ref SK1783).; A place name, including:; A village and community in Flintshire, Wales (OS grid ref SJ3058).; A place name, including:; A city, the county seat of Hempstead County, Arkansas, United States.
hoped: (v) simple past tense and past participle of hope
hopes: (n) plural of hope(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hope
Hopes: (N) plural of Hope
Hopi: (n) A member of a particular tribe of North American natives.(N) The Uto-Aztecan language spoken by this North American tribe.
hoping: (v) present participle of hope; transport-hiking, train-hiking(aj) Filled with or inspiring hope.
hopped: (v) simple past tense and past participle of hop(aj) Impregnated with hops.
hopper: (n) One who or that which hops.; A temporary storage bin, filled from the top and emptied from the bottom, often funnel-shaped.; A funnel-shaped section at the top of a drainpipe used to collect water, from above, from one or more smaller drainpipes.; A device that feeds material into a machine.; Various insects; A grasshopper or locust, especially; Various insects; The larva of a cheese fly.; Various insects; A leafhopper.; Various insects; Any of various hesperiid butterflies.; An artificial fishing lure.; A toilet.; An escapement lever in a piano.; The game of hopscotch.; A window with hinges at the bottom, opened by tilting vertically.; A hopper car.; A fairy chess piece which moves only by jumping over another piece.; A person or machine that picks hops.(n) A Sri Lankan pancake made from a fermented batter of rice flour, coconut milk, and palm toddy or yeast.
Hopper: (N) A surname.
hopple: (n) A fetter for horses or cattle when turned out to graze.(v) To impede by a hopple; to tie the feet of (a horse or a cow) loosely together; to hobble.; To entangle; to hamper.
Hopple: (N) A surname.
hops: (n) plural of hop(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hop
hora: (n) A circle dance popular in the Balkans, Israel and Yiddish culture worldwide.(n) A branch of traditional Indian astrology, dealing with the finer points of predictive methods.
Hora: (N) A goddess of the seasons; one of the Horae.
Horace: (N) Quintus Horatius Flaccus, a poet and philosopher of the Roman Augustan Age (65–8 BCE).; A male given name from Latin
horal: (aj) Of or relating to an hour, or to hours.
Horal: (N) A surname.
horary: (aj) Pertaining to an hour or hours.; Occurring every hour; hourly.; Having a duration of just an hour; short-lived.; Whose answer can be worked out by drawing up a horoscope of the exact time the question was asked.(n) A book containing the divine offices for the various canonical hours.; A narrative or account that is kept hourly.; A plan or programme that gives the hours at which events are to take place; a timetable; a horarium.
horde: (n) A wandering troop or gang; especially, a clan or tribe of a nomadic people (originally Tatars) migrating from place to place for the sake of pasturage, plunder, etc.; a predatory multitude.; A large number of people or things.(v) to travel en masse, to flock
hordes: (n) plural of horde
Horeb: (N) The mountain where the Ten Commandments were given to Moses by Yahweh, according to the Book of Deuteronomy in the Hebrew Bible.
Hormuz: (N) An island in the strait of the same name, five miles off the Iranian coast.; The strait that connects the Persian Gulf with the Gulf of Oman.; A district of Qeshm, Hormozgan, Iran.; A city in Iran; capital of the district of the same name.; Synonym of Hormozabad; Alternative spelling of Hormud; Alternative spelling of Ormus (“former Persian kingdom”)
horn: (n) A hard growth of keratin that protrudes from the top of the head of certain animals, usually paired.; Any similar real or imaginary growth or projection such as the elongated tusk of a narwhal, the eyestalk of a snail, the pointed growth on the nose of a rhinoceros, or the hornlike projection on the head of a demon or similar.; An antler.; The hard substance from which animals' horns are made, sometimes used by man as a material for making various objects.; An object whose shape resembles a horn, such as cornucopia, the point of an anvil, or a vessel for gunpowder or liquid.; The high pommel of a saddle; also, either of the projections on a lady's saddle for supporting the leg.; An object whose shape resembles a horn, such as cornucopia, the point of an anvil, or a vessel for gunpowder or liquid.; The Ionic volute.; An object whose shape resembles a horn, such as cornucopia, the point of an anvil, or a vessel for gunpowder or liquid.; The outer end of a crosstree; also, one of the projections forming the jaws of a gaff, boom, etc.; An object whose shape resembles a horn, such as cornucopia, the point of an anvil, or a vessel for gunpowder or liquid.; A curved projection on the fore part of a plane.; An object whose shape resembles a horn, such as cornucopia, the point of an anvil, or a vessel for gunpowder or liquid.; One of the projections at the four corners of the Jewish altar of burnt offering.; Any of several musical wind instruments.; An instrument resembling a musical horn and used to signal others.; A loud alarm, especially one on a motor vehicle.; A sound signaling the expiration of time.; A conical device used to direct waves.; Generally, any brass wind instrument.; A telephone.; An erection of the penis.; A peninsula or crescent-shaped tract of land.; A diacritical mark that may be attached to the top right corner of the letters o and u when writing in Vietnamese, thus forming ơ and ư.; An incurved, tapering and pointed appendage found in the flowers of the milkweed (Asclepias).(v) To assault with the horns.; To furnish with horns.; To cuckold.
Horn: (N) Cape Horn, at the southern tip of South America.; The Horn of Africa, a peninsula of Africa which juts into the Arabian Sea.(N) A surname.; A former civil parish in Rutland, England, abolished in 2016 on the formation of Exton and Horn parish.
horned: (aj) Having horns.; cuckolded(v) simple past tense and past participle of horn
hornet: (n) A large wasp, of the genus Vespa, having a brown-and-yellow-striped body and the ability to inflict a serious sting.; A person who pesters with petty but ceaseless attacks.
Hornet: (n) someone connected with Watford Football Club, as a fan, player, coach etc.
horns: (n) plural of horn(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of horn
Horns: (N) plural of Horn
horny: (aj) Hard or bony, like an animal's horn.; Having the hard consistency and pale colour of an animal's horn.; Having horns.; Sexually aroused.; Sexually arousing.
horrid: (aj) Bristling, rough, rugged.; Causing horror or dread.; Offensive, disagreeable, abominable, execrable.
horror: (n) An intense distressing emotion of fear or repugnance.; Something horrible; that which excites horror.; Intense dislike or aversion; an abhorrence.; A genre of fiction designed to evoke a feeling of fear and suspense.; An individual work in this genre.; A nasty or ill-behaved person; a rascal or terror.; An intense anxiety or a nervous depression; often the horrors.; Delirium tremens.
horse: (n) A hoofed mammal, Equus ferus caballus, often used throughout history for riding and draft work.; Any member of the species Equus ferus, including the Przewalski's horse and the extinct Equus ferus ferus.; A hoofed mammal, Equus ferus caballus, often used throughout history for riding and draft work.; Any current or extinct animal of the family Equidae, including zebras and asses.; A hoofed mammal, Equus ferus caballus, often used throughout history for riding and draft work.; Cavalry soldiers (sometimes capitalized when referring to an official category).; A hoofed mammal, Equus ferus caballus, often used throughout history for riding and draft work.; The chess piece representing a knight, depicted as a horse.; A hoofed mammal, Equus ferus caballus, often used throughout history for riding and draft work.; A large and sturdy person.; A hoofed mammal, Equus ferus caballus, often used throughout history for riding and draft work.; A timber frame shaped like a horse, which soldiers were made to ride for punishment.; Equipment with legs.; In gymnastics, a piece of equipment with a body on two or four legs, approximately four feet high, sometimes (pommel horse) with two handles on top.; Equipment with legs.; A frame with legs, used to support something.; Type of equipment.; A rope stretching along a yard, upon which men stand when reefing or furling the sails; footrope.; Type of equipment.; A breastband for a leadsman.; Type of equipment.; An iron bar for a sheet traveller to slide upon.; Type of equipment.; A jackstay.; A mass of earthy matter, or rock of the same character as the wall rock, occurring in the course of a vein, as of coal or ore; hence, to take horse (said of a vein) is to divide into branches for a distance.; The sedative, antidepressant, and anxiolytic drug morphine, chiefly when used illicitly.; An informal variant of basketball in which players match shots made by their opponent(s), each miss adding a letter to the word "horse", with 5 misses spelling the whole word and eliminating a player, until only the winner is left. Also HORSE, H-O-R-S-E or H.O.R.S.E. (see H-O-R-S-E on Wikipedia.Wikipedia).; The flesh of a horse as an item of cuisine.; A prison guard who smuggles contraband in or out for prisoners.; A translation or other illegitimate aid in study or examination.; Horseplay; tomfoolery.(v) To frolic, to act mischievously. (Usually followed by "around".); To provide with a horse; supply horses for.; To get on horseback.; To sit astride of; to bestride.; To copulate with (a mare).; To take or carry on the back.; To place (someone) on the back of another person, or on a wooden horse, etc., to be flogged; (hence) to flog.; To urge at work tyrannically.; To charge for work before it is finished.(n) Heroin (drug).
HORSE: (n) A poker variant consisting of five different poker variants, with the rules changing from one variant to the next after every hand.(n) Alternative spelling of horse (variant of basketball)
Horse: (N) The seventh of the 12-year cycle of animals which appear in the Chinese zodiac related to the Chinese calendar.
horsed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of horse(aj) Mounted on a horse.
horses: (n) plural of horse; horsepower(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of horse
horsey: (aj) Alternative spelling of horsy.(n) Alternative spelling of horsy.
Horsey: (N) A village in Norfolk, England, in the Broads.; A surname.
horst: (n) An area of the earth's surface which is raised relative to surrounding land.
Horst: (N) A surname.
horsy: (aj) Of or relating to horses.; Of a person or people, involved in breeding or riding horses.; Of a graphic design or typographical treatment which is clumsy, clunky, or unrefined.(n) A child's term or name for a horse.; A game where a child rides on the back of another, who is on all fours.
Horus: (N) The ancient Egyptian falcon-headed god of the sun, sky, war, and kingship.
hos: (n) plural of ho
hose: (n) A flexible tube conveying water or other fluid.; A stocking-like garment worn on the legs; pantyhose, women's tights.; Close-fitting trousers or breeches, reaching to the knee.(v) To water or spray with a hose.; To deliver using a hose.; To provide with hose (garment); To attack and kill somebody, usually using a firearm.; To trick or deceive.; To break a computer so everything needs to be reinstalled; to wipe all files.; To cause an unfair disadvantage to a player or team through poor officiating; especially, to cause a player or team to lose the game with an incorrect call.
Hose: (N) A surname.; A village in Clawson, Hose and Harby parish, Melton borough, Leicestershire, England (OS grid ref SK7329).
Hosea: (N) A book of the Old Testament of the Bible.; A Biblical prophet.
hosier: (n) One who deals in hose or stocking, or in goods knit or woven like hose.
Hosier: (N) A surname.
hoss: (n) Pronunciation spelling of horse.; A big, strong and respected or dependable person, usually a man; one who is large like a horse.; Term of address for a man.; A car.
Hoss: (n) Alternative letter-case form of hoss (Southern US term of address for a man).
hosses: (n) plural of hoss
host: (n) One which receives or entertains a guest, socially, commercially, or officially.; One that provides a facility for an event.; A person or organization responsible for running an event.; A moderator or master of ceremonies for a performance.; Any computer attached to a network.; A cell or organism which harbors another organism or biological entity, usually a parasite.; An organism bearing certain genetic material.; A paid male companion offering conversation and in some cases sex, as in certain types of bar in Japan.(v) To perform the role of a host.; To lodge at an inn.; To run software made available to a remote user or process.(n) A multitude of people arrayed as an army; used also in religious senses, as: Heavenly host (of angels); A large number of items; a large inventory.(n) The consecrated bread of the Eucharist.
hostel: (n) A commercial overnight lodging place, with dormitory accommodation and shared facilities, especially a youth hostel; A temporary refuge for the homeless providing a bed and sometimes food; A small, unendowed college in Oxford or Cambridge.(v) To stay in a hostel during one's travels.; To lodge (a person) in a hostel.
hosts: (n) plural of host(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of host
hot: (aj) Relating to heat and conditions which produce it.; Having or giving off a high temperature.; Relating to heat and conditions which produce it.; Feeling the sensation of heat, especially to the point of discomfort.; Relating to heat and conditions which produce it.; Feverish.; Active, in use or ready for use (like a bullet or a firing range), turned on (like a microphone or camera).; Electrically charged.; Active, in use or ready for use (like a bullet or a firing range), turned on (like a microphone or camera).; Radioactive.; Relating to excited emotions.; Easily provoked to anger.; Relating to excited emotions.; Very physically and/or sexually attractive.; Relating to excited emotions.; Sexual or sexy; involving sexual intercourse or sexual excitement.; Relating to excited emotions.; Sexually aroused; randy.; Relating to excited emotions.; Attracted to.; Relating to popularity, quality, or the state of being interesting.; Very good, remarkable, exciting.; Relating to popularity, quality, or the state of being interesting.; Popular; in demand.; Relating to popularity, quality, or the state of being interesting.; Of great current interest; provoking current debate or controversy.; Relating to popularity, quality, or the state of being interesting.; Performing strongly; having repeated successes.; Relating to popularity, quality, or the state of being interesting.; Fresh; just released.; Relating to danger or risk.; Uncomfortable, difficult to deal with; awkward, dangerous, unpleasant.; Relating to danger or risk.; Characterized by police presence or activity.; Relating to danger or risk.; Stolen.; Relating to danger or risk.; Not covered by funds on account.; Very close to finding or guessing something to be found or guessed.; Spicy, pungent, piquant, as some chilis and other spices are.; Loud, producing a strong electric signal for the amplifier.; Used to emphasize the short duration or small quantity of something(av) Hotly, at a high temperature.; Rapidly, quickly.; While shooting, while firing one's weapon(s).(v) To heat; to make or become hot.; To become lively or exciting.
hotbed: (n) A low bed of earth covered with glass, and heated with rotting manure, used for the germination of seeds and the growth of tender plants, like a miniature hothouse.; An environment that is ideal for the growth or development of something, especially of something undesirable.; An iron platform in a rolling mill, on which hot bars, rails, etc., are laid to cool.
hotbox: (n) A container maintained at elevated temperatures in order to heat or cook its contents.; An oven.; An overheated shaft bearing.(v) To smoke marijuana in a small confined area, such as the inside of a car, until it is full of smoke, thereby purportedly intensifying the drug's effects.; To put out a cigarette just before entering a vehicle, then expel smoke in the vehicle.
hote: (v) To command; to enjoin.; To promise.; To be called, be named.; To call, name.
hotel: (n) A large town house or mansion; a grand private residence, especially in France.; An establishment that provides accommodation and other services for paying guests; normally larger than a guesthouse, and often one of a chain.; A restaurant; any dining establishment.; Hotel, the letter H in the ICAO spelling alphabet.; The larger red property in the game of Monopoly, in contradistinction to houses.; The guest accommodation and dining section of a cruise ship.; A pub
hotels: (n) plural of hotel
hotly: (av) With great amounts of heat.; In a heated manner; intensely or vehemently.
hotter: (aj) comparative form of hot: more hot(n) One who steals a vehicle in order to joyride.(v) To vibrate; to rattle.
Houdan: (n) A domestic chicken of an old French breed, having an unusual butterfly-shaped comb and five toes rather than the usual four.(N) A commune in Yvelines, France.
hough: (n) The hollow behind the knee.(v) To hamstring.(n) Obsolete spelling of hoe(v) Archaic spelling of hoe.(n) Alternative form of hoe
Hough: (N) A surname.; A village and civil parish (served by Hough and Chorlton Parish Council) south of Crewe, Cheshire East, Cheshire, England (OS grid ref SJ7150).; A hamlet near Alderley Edge, Cheshire East, Cheshire (OS grid ref SJ8578).; A settlement on the island of Tiree, Argyll and Bute council area, Scotland (OS grid ref NL9545).; A neighbourhood of Cleveland, Ohio, United States.; An unincorporated community in Texas County, Oklahoma, United States.
hound: (n) A dog, particularly a breed with a good sense of smell developed for hunting other animals.; Any canine animal.; Someone who seeks something.; A male who constantly seeks the company of desirable women.; A despicable person.; A houndfish.(v) To persistently harass.; To urge on against; to set (dogs) upon in hunting.(n) Projections at the masthead or foremast, serving as a support for the trestletrees and top to rest on; foretop; A side bar used to strengthen portions of the running gear of a vehicle.
Hound: (N) A small village and civil parish in Eastleigh borough, Hampshire, England (OS grid ref SU4708).
hounds: (n) plural of hound(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hound
hour: (n) A time period of sixty minutes; one twenty-fourth of a day.; A season, moment, or time.; The time.; Used after a two-digit hour and a two-digit minute to indicate time.; The set times of prayer, the canonical hours, the offices or services prescribed for these, or a book containing them.; A distance that can be traveled in one hour.
houri: (n) A nymph in the form of a beautiful virgin supposed to dwell in Paradise for the enjoyment of the faithful.; Any voluptuous, beautiful woman.
hourly: (aj) Occurring every hour.; Unsalaried, paid by the hour; (by extension) blue-collar.(av) At intervals of an hour.(n) Something produced each hour.
hours: (n) plural of hour
house: (n) A structure built or serving as an abode of human beings.; The people who live in a house; a household.; A building used for something other than a residence (typically with qualifying word).; A place of business; a company or organisation, especially a printing press, a publishing company, or a couturier.; A building used for something other than a residence (typically with qualifying word).; A place of public accommodation or entertainment, especially a public house, an inn, a restaurant, a theatre, or a casino; or the management thereof.; A building used for something other than a residence (typically with qualifying word).; A workhouse.; The audience for a live theatrical or similar performance.; A theatre.; A building where a deliberative assembly meets; whence the assembly itself, particularly a component of a legislature.; A dynasty; a family with its ancestors and descendants, especially a royal or noble one.; A place of rest or repose.; A grouping of schoolchildren for the purposes of competition in sports and other activities.; An animal's shelter or den, or the shell of an animal such as a snail, used for protection.; One of the twelve divisions of an astrological chart.; The fourth Lenormand card.; A square on a chessboard, regarded as the proper place of a piece.; The four concentric circles where points are scored on the ice.; Lotto; bingo.; A children's game in which the players pretend to be members of a household.; A small stand of trees in a swamp.; A set of cells in a Sudoku puzzle which must contain each digit exactly once, such as a row, column, or 3×3 box in classic Sudoku.(v) To keep within a structure or container.; To admit to residence; to harbor.; To take shelter or lodging; to abide; to lodge.; To dwell within one of the twelve astrological houses.; To contain or cover mechanical parts.; To contain one part of an object for the purpose of locating the whole.; To drive to a shelter.; To deposit and cover, as in the grave.; To stow in a safe place; to take down and make safe.; To eat.(n) House music.
House: (N) The House of Representatives.; More generally, a shortened name for any chamber of a legislature that is named "House of...", especially where the other chamber(s) are not so named (as in Australia or Canada), or where there is no other chamber (as in New Zealand).; A topographic surname, from Middle English for someone residing in a house (as opposed to a hut) or in a religious house.; Christ Church, Oxford.; A village in New Mexico.; An unincorporated community in North Carolina.
housed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of house
housel: (n) The Eucharist.(v) To administer the Eucharist to.; To prepare for a journey.
Housel: (N) A surname.
houses: (n) plural of house(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of house
hout: (n) A black African.
Hout: (N) A surname.
houted: (v) plural of hout
hove: (v) To remain suspended in air, water etc.; to float, to hover.; To wait, linger.; To move on or by.; To remain; delay.; To remain stationary (usually on horseback).(v) To raise; lift; hold up.; To rise.(v) simple past tense and past participle of heave; simple past tense and past participle of heave
Hove: (N) A town on the south coast of East Sussex, England, west of Brighton
hovel: (n) An open shed for sheltering cattle, or protecting produce, etc., from the weather.; A poor cottage; a small, mean house; a hut.; In the manufacture of porcelain, a large, conical brick structure around which the firing kilns are grouped.(v) To put in a hovel; to shelter.; To construct a chimney so as to prevent smoking, by making two of the more exposed walls higher than the others, or making an opening on one side near the top.
hovels: (n) plural of hovel
hover: (v) To float in the air.; To linger or hang in one place, especially in an uncertain manner.; To waver, or be uncertain.; To place the cursor over a hyperlink or icon without clicking.(n) The act of hovering(n) A cover; a shelter; a protection.
Hover: (N) A surname.
hovers: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hover
how: (av) To what degree or extent.; In what manner:; By what means.; In what manner:; With overtones of why, for what reason.; In what manner:; In what form, shape, measure, quantity, etc.; In what manner:; With what meaning or effect.; In what manner:; By what title or what name.; In what manner:; At what price, for what amount (of money).; In what state or condition.; Used as a modifier to indicate surprise, delight, or other strong feelings in an exclamation.(c) The manner or way in which.; In any way in which; in whatever way; however.; That, the fact that.(n) The means by which something is accomplished.(n) An artificial barrow or tumulus.; A small hill in northern England. (Usage preserved mainly in place names.)(i) A greeting, used in representations of Native American speech.
How: (N) A surname.
Howard: (N) A patronymic surname, from given names.; A male given name from the Germanic languages, transferred back from the surname. Short form: Howie.; A small city, the county seat of Elk County, Kansas, United States.; A small city, the county seat of Miner County, South Dakota, United States.; Ellipsis of Howard University.
howdah: (n) A seat, usually with a canopy, carried on the back of an elephant or camel.; An ornate carriage which is positioned on the back of elephants or occasionally other animals, used most often in the past for rich people who travelled in India via elephant.
howdy: (i) An informal greeting.(n) A wife, a midwife.(v) To greet informally, especially by saying "howdy"
howe: (n) Alternative form of how (a tumulus, a bowl barrow).
Howe: (N) A village in Norfolk, England.; A village in Hambleton district, North Yorkshire, England.; An English topographic surname, from Middle English for someone who lived by a small hill.
howl: (n) The protracted, mournful cry of a dog, wolf or other canid; also of other animals.; Any similar sound.; A prolonged cry of distress or anguish; a wail.(v) To utter a loud, protracted, mournful sound or cry, as dogs and wolves often do.; To utter a sound expressive of pain or distress; to cry aloud and mournfully; to lament; to wail.; To make a noise resembling the cry of a wild beast.; To utter with outcry.
howled: (v) simple past tense and past participle of howl
howler: (n) That which howls, especially an animal such as a wolf or a howler monkey.; A person hired to howl at a funeral.; A painfully obvious mistake.; A hilarious joke.; A bitterly cold day.; A person who expresses aggression openly in the form of threats.; A heavy fall.; A serious accident (especially to come a howler or go a howler; compare come a cropper).; A tremendous lie; a whopper.; A fashionably but extravagantly overdressed man, a "howling swell".; A 32-ounce ceramic, plastic, or stainless steel jug used to transport draft beer.
howlet: (n) An owl; an owlet.
howls: (n) plural of howl(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of howl
hoy: (n) A small coaster vessel, usually sloop-rigged, used in conveying passengers and goods, or as a tender to larger vessels in port.(i) Ho!, hallo!, stop!(v) To incite; to drive onward.(v) To throw.
Hoy: (N) A surname.; An island in south-west Orkney Islands council area, Scotland (OS grid refs HY20, ND29).; A small uninhabited island in the Shetland Islands council area, Scotland (OS grid ref HU3744).; An unincorporated community in Hampshire County, West Virginia, United States.
hoyden: (n) A rude, uncultured or rowdy girl or woman.(aj) Like a hoyden: high-spirited and boisterous; saucy, tomboyish.(v) To behave in a hoydenish manner.
Hoyle: (N) A surname.; A hamlet in Heyshott parish, Chichester district, West Sussex, England (OS grid ref SU9018).
Hoyles: (n) plural Hoyle
hub: (n) The central part, usually cylindrical, of a wheel; the nave.; A point where many routes meet and traffic is distributed, dispensed or diverted.; A central facility providing a range of related services, such as a medical hub or an educational hub; A computer networking device connecting several Ethernet ports. See switch.; A stake with a nail in it, used to mark a temporary point.; A male weasel; a buck; a dog; a jack.; A rough protuberance or projecting obstruction.; An area in a video game from which individual levels are accessed.; A goal or mark at which quoits, etc., are thrown.; A hardened, engraved steel punch for impressing a device upon a die, used in coining, etc.; A screw hob.; A block for scotching a wheel.
hubbub: (n) A confused uproar, commotion, tumult or racket.(v) To cause a tumult or racket.
hubby: (n) Husband.(aj) Full of hubs or protuberances.
hubris: (n) Excessive pride, presumption or arrogance (originally toward the gods).
huddle: (n) A dense and disorderly crowd.; A brief meeting of all the players from one team that are on the field with the purpose of planning the following play.; A hesitation during play to think about one's next move.(v) To crowd together.; To curl one's legs up to the chest and keep one's arms close to the torso; to crouch; to assume a position similar to that of an embryo in the womb.; To get together and discuss a topic.; To form a huddle.; To crowd (things) together; to mingle confusedly; to assemble without order or system.; To do, make, or put, in haste or roughly; hence, to do imperfectly; usually with a following preposition or adverb (huddle on, huddle up, huddle together).; To hesitate during play while thinking about one's next move.(aj) Huddled, confused, congested.
Huddle: (N) A patronymic surname, from given names.
Hudson: (N) An English patronymic surname, from given names.; A male given name transferred from the surname.; A placename; A town in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina; named for Argentine-English author William Henry Hudson.; A placename; A city in Quebec, Canada, an off-island suburb of Montreal.; A placename; A township in Ontario, Canada.; A placename; A river in the United States, flowing from Lake Tear of the Clouds in Keene, New York into the Upper New York Bay at New York City; named for English explorer Henry Hudson.; A placename; A town in New Hampshire, United States.; A placename; A city in Summit County, Ohio; named for businessman and founder David Hudson.; A placename; A town in Massachusetts, United States; named for Massachusetts statesman Charles Hudson.; A placename; A city, the county seat of St. Croix County, Wisconsin, United States; named for the river.; A placename; A census-designated place in Florida; named for founder Isaac Hudson.; A placename; A city, the county seat of Columbia County, New York, United States; named for the river.; A placename; A city in Texas, United States.; A placename; A town in Colorado, United States; named for its town company, Hudson City Land and Improvement Co..; A placename; A town in North Carolina, United States; named for early settlers Monroe and Johnny Hudson.; A placename; A city in Michigan, United States; named for landowner Dr. Daniel Hudson.; A placename; A city in Iowa, United States.; A placename; A village in Illinois, United States; named for the river.; A placename; A town in Maine, United States; named for the town in Massachusetts.; A placename; A census-designated place in Pennsylvania, United States.; A placename; A town in Indiana, United States.; A placename; A town in Wyoming, United States; named for landowner John T. Hudson.; A placename; A town in South Dakota, United States; named for the city in Iowa.; A placename; A city in Kansas, United States.; A placename; An unincorporated community in Missouri, United States; named for Henry Hudson.; Hudson Motor Car Company, a defunct American automobile company.(n) An automobile manufactured by the Hudson Motor Company.; A steam locomotive of the 4-6-4 wheel arrangement.
hue: (n) A color, or shade of color; tint; dye.; The characteristic related to the light frequency that appears in the color, for instance red, yellow, green, cyan, blue or magenta.; A character; aspect.; Form; appearance; guise.(n) A shout or cry.
Hue: (N) A port city in central Vietnam.; A Vietnamese province with that city as its capital.
hued: (aj) coloured; having a hue.
hues: (n) plural of hue
huff: (n) A heavy breath; a grunt or sigh.; An expression of anger, annoyance, disgust, etc.; One swelled with a false sense of importance or value; a boaster.; The act of removing an opponent's piece as a forfeit for deliberately not taking a piece (often signalled by blowing on it).(v) To breathe heavily.; To say in a huffy manner.; To enlarge; to swell up.; To bluster or swell with anger, arrogance, or pride; to storm; to take offense.; To treat with arrogance and insolence; to chide or rebuke rudely; to bully, to hector.; To vex; to offend.; To inhale psychoactive inhalants.; To remove an opponent's piece as a forfeit for deliberately not taking a piece (often signalled by blowing on it).
Huff: (N) A surname.
huffy: (aj) Angry, annoyed, indignant or irritated.; Easily offended; thin-skinned or touchy.; haughty, arrogant; Puffed up.
hug: (n) A close embrace, especially when charged with such an emotion as represented by: affection, joy, relief, lust, anger, aggression, compassion, and the like, as opposed to being characterized by formality, equivocation or ambivalence (a half-embrace or "little hug").; A particular grip in wrestling.(v) To crouch; huddle as with cold.; To cling closely together.; To embrace by holding closely, especially in the arms.; To stay close to (the shore etc.); To hold fast; to cling to; to cherish.
huge: (aj) Very large.; Distinctly interesting, significant, important, likeable, well regarded.
hugely: (av) greatly; to a huge extent
hugged: (v) simple past tense and past participle of hug
Hughes: (N) A Welsh and English patronymic surname, from given names derived from the given name Hugh.; A Welsh surname; a variant of Howells.; A city in Alaska.; A city in Arkansas.; A town in Wisconsin.
Hughie: (N) A diminutive of the male given name Hugh.; An imaginary god or higher power responsible for rain.; Imaginary god who creates surf (waves, and associated conditions).
Hugo: (N) A male given name from the Germanic languages, a Latinized form of Hugh.; A French surname, from French.; A statutory town, the county seat of Lincoln County, Colorado, United States.; A city, the county seat of Choctaw County, Oklahoma, United States. It was named after Victor Hugo.(n) A Hugo Award, a statuette given out by the World Science Fiction Society.
hugs: (n) plural of hug(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hug
huh: (i) used to express amusement or subtle surprise.; Used to express doubt or confusion.; Used to reinforce a question.; Used either to belittle the issuer of a statement/question, or sarcastically to indicate utter agreement, and that the statement being responded to is an extreme understatement. The intonation is changed to distinguish between the two meanings - implied dullness for belittlement, and feigned surprise for utter agreement.; Used to indicate that one did not hear what was said.; Used to create a tag question.
Huh: (N) A surname.
hula: (n) A form of chant and dance, which was developed in the Hawaiian Islands by the Polynesians who originally settled there.(v) To dance the hula.
hulk: (n) A large ship used for transportation; (more generally) a large ship that is difficult to manoeuvre.; A non-functional but floating ship, usually stripped of equipment and rigging, and often put to other uses such as accommodation or storage.; A large structure with a dominating presence.; A big (and possibly clumsy) person.; An excessively muscled person.(v) To reduce (a ship) to a non-functional hulk.; To temporarily house (goods, people, etc.) in such a hulk.; To move (a large, hulking body).; To be a hulk, that is, a large, hulking, and often imposing presence.; Of a (large) person: to act or move slowly and clumsily.(v) To remove the entrails of; to disembowel.
Hulk: (N) A fictional Marvel Comics character who gains superhuman strength when he becomes angry.(n) A person resembling, especially physically, the Hulk in the Marvel Comics Universe.; A strongman.
hulks: (n) plural of hulk(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hulk
Hulks: (N) plural of Hulk
hulky: (aj) Large; hulking.
hull: (n) The outer covering of a fruit or seed.; Any covering.(v) To remove the outer covering of a fruit or seed.(n) The body or frame of a vessel, such as a ship or plane.; The smallest set that possesses a particular property (such as convexity) and contains every point of A; slightly more formally, the intersection of all sets which possess the specified property and of which A is a subset.(v) To drift; to be carried by the impetus of wind or water on the ship's hull alone, with sails furled.; To hit (a ship) in the hull with cannon fire etc.
Hull: (N) A placename:; A river in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England, which flows into the Humber.; A placename:; The common name of Kingston upon Hull, a city in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.; A placename:; Hull, Quebec: The central business district and oldest neighborhood of Gatineau, Quebec, Canada.; A placename:; Any of various places in the United States; A surname.
hullo: (i) Alternative form of hello (Greeting.); Alternative form of hello (expressing puzzlement or discovery)(n) Alternative form of hello(v) Alternative form of hello
hulls: (n) plural of hull(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hull
Hulls: (N) plural of Hull
hum: (n) A hummed tune, i.e. created orally with lips closed.; An often indistinct sound resembling human humming.; Busy activity, like the buzz of a beehive.; Unpleasant odour.; An imposition or hoax; humbug.; A kind of strong drink.; A phenomenon, or collection of phenomena, involving widespread reports of a persistent and invasive low-frequency humming, rumbling, or droning noise not audible to all people.(v) To make a sound from the vocal chords without pronouncing any real words, with one's lips closed.; To express by humming.; To drone like certain insects naturally do in motion, or sounding similarly; To buzz, be busily active like a beehive; To produce low sounds which blend continuously; To reek, smell bad.; To flatter by approving; to cajole; to deceive or impose upon; to humbug.(i) Synonym of hmm: a noise indicating thought, consideration, &c.; Synonym of um: a noise indicating doubt, uncertainty, &c.
Hum: (N) A town in the central part of Istria, northwest Croatia, 7 km from Roč.
human: (aj) Of or belonging to the species Homo sapiens or its closest relatives.; Having the nature or attributes of a human being.(n) The tallest, most abundant and most intelligent of primates; Homo sapiens.; Any hominid of the genus Homo.(v) To behave as or become, or to cause to behave as or become, a human.
Human: (N) A surname.; The language supposedly spoken by humans
humane: (aj) Having or showing concern for the pain or suffering of another; compassionate.; Pertaining to branches of learning concerned with human affairs or the humanities, especially classical literature or rhetoric.; Obsolete spelling of human
humans: (n) plural of human
Humans: (N) plural of Human
Humber: (N) A large tidal estuary forming part of the boundary between northern and southern England.; A coastal sea area centered on this estuary.; A hamlet and civil parish (served by Humber, Ford and Stoke Prior Parish Council) south-east of Leominster, Herefordshire, England (OS grid ref SO5356).; A river in Newfoundland and Labrador.; A former make of British motor car.; A surname.
humble: (aj) Not pretentious or magnificent; unpretending; unassuming.; Having a low opinion of oneself; not proud, arrogant, or assuming; modest.(v) To defeat or reduce the power, independence, or pride of; To make humble or lowly; to make less proud or arrogant; to make meek and submissive.(n) An arrest based on weak evidence intended to demean or punish the subject.(v) To hum.(n) Alternative form of hummel.(v) Alternative form of hummel.
Humble: (N) A surname.
humbly: (av) In a humble manner.
humbug: (n) A hoax, jest, or prank.; A fraud or sham; (uncountable) hypocrisy.; A cheat, fraudster, or hypocrite.; Nonsense.; A type of hard sweet (candy), usually peppermint flavoured with a striped pattern.; Anything complicated, offensive, troublesome, unpleasant or worrying; a misunderstanding, especially if trivial.; A fight.; A gang.; A false arrest on trumped-up charges.; The piglet of the wild boar.(i) Balderdash!, nonsense!, rubbish!(v) To play a trick on someone, to cheat, to swindle, to deceive.; To fight; to act tough.; To waste time talking.
Hume: (N) A Scottish habitational surname from Home in Berwickshire.; An English, Irish and Scottish surname, a variant of Holme.
humic: (aj) Of, or relating to humus.
humid: (aj) Containing perceptible moisture (usually describing air or atmosphere); damp; moist; somewhat wet or watery.
Humism: (n) Synonym of Humeanism (“Humean philosophy”)
hummed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of hum
humor: (n) US spelling of humour(v) US spelling of humour
humors: (n) plural of humor(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of humor
humour: (n) The quality of being amusing, comical, funny.; A mood, especially a bad mood; a temporary state of mind or disposition brought upon by an event; an abrupt illogical inclination or whim.; Any of the fluids in an animal body, especially the four "cardinal humours" of blood, yellow bile, black bile and phlegm that were believed to control the health and mood of the human body.; Either of the two regions of liquid within the eyeball, the aqueous humour and vitreous humour.; Moist vapour, moisture.(v) To pacify by indulging.
hump: (n) A mound of earth.; A speed hump.; A deformity in humans caused by abnormal curvature of the upper spine.; A rounded fleshy mass, such as on a camel or zebu.; An act of sexual intercourse.; A bad mood.; A painfully boorish person.; A wave that forms in front of an operating hovercraft and impedes progress at low speeds.(v) To bend something into a hump.; To carry (something), especially with some exertion.; To rhythmically thrust the pelvis in a manner conducive to sexual intercourse.; To dry-hump.; To rhythmically thrust the pelvis in a manner conducive to sexual intercourse.; To have sex (with).; To prepare for a great exertion; to put forth effort.; To vex or annoy.; To shunt wagons / freight cars over the hump in a hump yard.
Hump: (N) The Himalayas, as the challenge for the supply route between India and China.
humped: (v) past participle of hump(aj) Having a hump or humps, or, in combination, a hump or humps of the specified number or type.
humph: (i) Used to express doubt or disapproval(v) To utter "humph!" in doubt or disapproval.
Humph: (N) A diminutive of the male given name Humphrey.
humps: (n) plural of hump(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hump
humpy: (aj) Characterised by humps, uneven.; Muscular; hunky.; Hunched, bent over.; Sulky; irritable.(n) Alternative form of humpie(n) A hut or temporary shelter made from bark and tree branches, traditionally used by Aboriginal people.; Any crude or temporary dwelling, especially made from found materials; a bush hut.
hums: (n) plural of hum(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hum
Hums: (N) Dated spelling of Homs.
humus: (n) A large group of natural organic compounds, found in the soil, formed from the chemical and biological decomposition of plant and animal residues and from the synthetic activity of microorganisms.(n) Alternative spelling of hummus
hun: (n) Alternative spelling of hon (“affectionate abbreviation of honey”)(n) A grey partridge.
Hun: (N) Alternative form of Huns; a nomadic people from Central Asia that invaded Europe in the 4th century.(n) A member of a nomadic tribe, the Huns, who invaded Europe in the fourth century from Central Asia.; A vandal, a barbarian, an uncivilized destructive person.; A German.; A Protestant.; A Rangers Football Club supporter; an Orangeman.(N) A surname, from Khmer.
hunch: (n) A hump; a protuberance.; A stooped or curled posture; a slouch.; A theory, idea, or guess; an intuitive impression that something will happen.; A hunk; a lump; a thick piece.; A push or thrust, as with the elbow.(v) To bend the top of one's body forward while raising one's shoulders.; To raise (one's shoulders) (while lowering one's head or bending the top of one's body forward); to curve (one's body) forward (sometimes followed by up).; To walk (somewhere) while hunching one's shoulders.; To thrust a hump or protuberance out of (something); to crook, as the back.; To push or jostle with the elbow; to push or thrust against (someone).; To have a hunch, or make an intuitive guess.
hung: (v) simple past tense and past participle of hang (except when referring to the method of execution; there, hanged is used instead); simple past tense and past participle of hang (in any sense)(aj) Suspended by hanging.; Having hanging additions or appendages.; Of a jury, unable to reach a unanimous verdict in a trial.; Of a legislature, lacking a majority political party.; Of a computer or similar device, receiving power but not functioning as desired; working very slowly or not at all. The condition is often corrected by rebooting the computer.; Having a large penis (often preceded by an adverb, e.g. well hung).
Hung: (N) A surname.
hunger: (n) A need or compelling desire for food.; Any strong desire.(v) To be in need of food.; To have a desire (for); to long; to yearn.; To make hungry; to famish.
hungry: (aj) Affected by hunger; desiring of food; having a physical need for food; such as a person's stomach rumbling, growling or grumbling.; Causing hunger; Eager, having an avid desire (‘appetite’) for something.; Not rich or fertile; poor; barren; starved.
hunk: (n) A large or dense piece of something.; A sexually attractive man, especially one who is muscular.; A record of differences between almost contiguous portions of two files (or other sources of information). Differences that are widely separated by areas which are identical in both files would not be part of a single hunk. Differences that are separated by small regions which are identical in both files may comprise a single hunk. Patches are made up of hunks.; A honyock.(n) A goal or base in children's games.
hunker: (v) To crouch or squat close to the ground or lie down; To apply oneself to a task(n) A political conservative.
hunks: (n) A crotchety or surly person.; A stingy man; a miser.(n) plural of hunk
hunt: (v) To find or search for an animal in the wild with the intention of killing the animal for its meat or for sport.; To try to find something; search (for).; To drive; to chase; with down, from, away, etc.; To use or manage (dogs, horses, etc.) in hunting.; To use or traverse in pursuit of game.; To move or shift the order of (a bell) in a regular course of changes.; To shift up and down in order regularly.; To be in a state of instability of movement or forced oscillation, as a governor which has a large movement of the balls for small change of load, an arc-lamp clutch mechanism which moves rapidly up and down with variations of current, etc.; also, to seesaw, as a pair of alternators working in parallel.(n) The act of hunting.; A hunting expedition.; An organization devoted to hunting, or the people belonging to it.; A pack of hunting dogs.
Hunt: (N) An English occupational surname, from occupations for a hunter (for game, birds etc).; A male given name transferred from the surname.; An unincorporated community in Knox County, Ohio, United States.; An unincorporated community in Kerr County, Texas, United States.; Former name of McFarland, California.
hunted: (aj) Being the subject of a hunt.; Nervous and agitated, as if pursued.(v) simple past tense and past participle of hunt
hunter: (n) One who hunts game for sport or for food; a huntsman or huntswoman.; A dog used in hunting.; A horse used in hunting, especially a thoroughbred, bred and trained for hunting.; One who hunts or seeks after anything.; A person who bottles up their aggression and eventually releases it explosively.; A kind of spider, the huntsman or hunting spider.; A pocket watch with a spring-hinged circular metal cover that closes over the dial and crystal, protecting them from dust and scratches.
Hunter: (N) An English and Scottish occupational surname, from occupations for a hunter.; A male or female given name transferred from the surname.; A river in New South Wales, Australia; flowing 300 km from the Mount Royal Range within Barrington Tops National Park into the Tasman Sea at Newcastle; named for John Hunter, 2nd Governor of New South Wales.; A river in Western Australia, Australia; flowing 16 km from Donkins Hill near Mitchell River National Park into the Timor Sea; named by Australian explorer Philip Parker King for James Hunter, the surgeon of King's HMS Mermaid.; A river in northwest Otago, New Zealand; flowing into Lake Hāwea.; A river in Prince Edward Island, Canada; flowing from near Hartville into the Gulf of Saint Lawrence near North Rustico.; A locale in the United States.; A city in Kansas; named for early settler Al Hunter.; A locale in the United States.; A city in South Dakota; named for local landowner John Hunter.; A locale in the United States.; A town in Arkansas.; A locale in the United States.; A town in New York, and a village within that town.; A locale in the United States.; A town in Oklahoma.; A locale in the United States.; A town in Wisconsin.; A locale in the United States.; A census-designated place in Warren County, Ohio.; A locale in the United States.; A census-designated place in Missouri; named for early landowner John Hunter.; A locale in the United States.; A census-designated place in Tennessee.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Belmont County, Ohio; named for Ohio congressman W. F. Hunter.; A locale in the United States.; A ghost town in Nevada.
hunts: (n) plural of hunt(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hunt
huppah: (n) Alternative spelling of chuppah
huppoth: (n) plural of huppah
hurdle: (n) An artificial barrier, variously constructed, over which athletes or horses jump in a race.; A perceived obstacle.; A movable frame of wattled twigs, osiers, or withes and stakes, or sometimes of iron, used for enclosing land, for folding sheep and cattle, for gates, etc.; also, in fortification, used as revetments, and for other purposes.; A sled or crate on which criminals were formerly drawn to the place of execution.(v) To jump over something while running.; To compete in the track and field events of hurdles (e.g. high hurdles).; To overcome an obstacle.; To hedge, cover, make, or enclose with hurdles.(n) Misspelling of hurtle.(v) Misspelling of hurtle.
Hurdle: (N) A surname.
hurds: (n) Alternative form of hards.
hurl: (v) To throw (something) with force.; To utter (harsh or derogatory speech), especially at its target.; To participate in the sport of hurling.; To vomit.; To twist or turn.; To move rapidly with a noise; to whirl.; To convey in a wheeled vehicle.(n) A throw, especially a violent throw; a fling.; The act of vomiting.; Vomit.; The act of hitting the sliotar with the hurley.; A conveyance in a wheeled vehicle; a ride in a car, etc.; Tumult; riot; hurly-burly.; A table on which fibre is stirred and mixed by beating with a bow spring.
hurled: (v) simple past tense and past participle of hurl
hurley: (n) A stick used in the game of hurling.; The game of hurling.
Hurley: (N) An Irish surname, from Irish, an anglicization of Ó hUirthile.; An Irish surname, a variant of Herlihy.; An English surname, from Old English, a variant of Harley.; A locale in England. Probably from Old English hyrne (“corner, hirn”) + lēah (“woodland; clearing”).; A village in Berkshire.; A locale in England. Probably from Old English hyrne (“corner, hirn”) + lēah (“woodland; clearing”).; A village in Warwickshire.; A locale in the United States.; A town in New York; likely named for the village in Berkshire.; A locale in the United States.; A city, the county seat of Iron County, Wisconsin; named for attorney M. A. Hurley.; A locale in the United States.; A census-designated place in Mississippi.; A locale in the United States.; A town in New Mexico.; A locale in the United States.; A city in South Dakota; named for railroad engineer R. E. Hurley.; A locale in the United States.; A city in Missouri.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Alabama; named for early settler Edmund Hurley.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Virginia; probably named for early settler Samuel Robert Hurley.
hurls: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hurl
Huron: (n) A member of the Wyandot people, a Native American group.(N) Synonym of Hurons; The Wyandot people; A placename; A city in Fresno County, California, United States.; A placename; An unincorporated community in Lawrence County, Indiana, United States.; A placename; A tiny city in Atchison County, Kansas, United States.; A placename; An unincorporated community in Polk County, Missouri, United States.; A placename; A city in Erie County, Ohio, United States.; A placename; A town and hamlet in Wayne County, New York, United States.; A placename; A city, the county seat of Beadle County, South Dakota, United States.; A placename; An unincorporated community in Henderson County, Tennessee, United States.; A placename; An unincorporated community in Chippewa County, Wisconsin, United States.
hurrah: (i) Expressing approval, appreciation, or happiness.(n) A cheer; a cry of hurrah!.(v) To give a hurrah (to somebody).
hurry: (n) Rushed action.; Urgency.; an incidence of a defensive player forcing the quarterback to act faster than the quarterback was prepared to, resulting in a failed offensive play.; A tremolando passage for violins, etc., accompanying an exciting situation.(v) To do things quickly.; Often with up, to speed up the rate of doing something.; To cause to be done quickly.; To hasten; to impel to greater speed; to urge on.; To impel to precipitate or thoughtless action; to urge to confused or irregular activity.; To put: to convey coal in the mine, e.g. from the working to the tramway.
hurst: (n) A wood or grove.
Hurst: (N) A village in Berkshire, England.; A suburban area in the Metropolitan Borough of Tameside, Greater Manchester, England (OS grid ref SD9400).; A hamlet in Richmondshire district, North Yorkshire, England.; A surname.
hurt: (v) To cause (a person or animal) physical pain and/or injury.; To cause (somebody) emotional pain.; To be painful.; To damage, harm, impair, undermine, impede.(aj) Wounded, physically injured.; Pained.(n) An emotional or psychological humiliation or bad experience.; A bodily injury causing pain; a wound or bruise.; injury; damage; detriment; harm; A roundel azure (blue circular spot).; A band on a trip-hammer helve, bearing the trunnions.; A husk.
Hurt: (N) A town in Virginia.; A surname.
hurter: (n) One who hurts or does harm.(n) A beam on a gun-platform that prevents damage from the wheels of a gun-carriage.
hurtle: (v) To move rapidly, violently, or without control.; To meet with violence or shock; to clash; to jostle.; To make a threatening sound, like the clash of arms; to make a sound as of confused clashing or confusion; to resound.; To hurl or fling; to throw hard or violently.; To push; to jostle; to hurl.(n) A fast movement in literal or figurative sense.; A clattering sound.
hurts: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hurt(n) plural of hurt
Hurts: (N) plural of Hurt
hush: (v) To become quiet.; To make quiet.; To appease; to allay; to soothe.; To clear off soil and other materials overlying the bedrock.(n) A silence, especially after some noise; A mining method using water
hushed: (aj) Very quiet; expressed using soft tones.(v) simple past tense and past participle of hush
husk: (n) The dry, leafy or stringy exterior of certain vegetables or fruits, which must be removed before eating the meat inside; Any form of useless, dried-up, and subsequently worthless exterior of something; The supporting frame of a run of millstones.(v) To remove husks from.(n) An infection in cattle caused by a species of Dictyocaulus or lungworm(v) To cough, clear one's throat.; To say huskily, to utter in a husky voice.
Husk: (N) A surname.
husks: (n) plural of husk(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of husk
Husks: (N) plural of Husk
husky: (aj) Hoarse and rough-sounding.; Burly, stout.; Abounding with husks; consisting of husks.(n) Any of several breeds of dogs used as sled dogs.
Husky: (N) Any of the languages of the Eskimo peoples.(n) An Eskimo person.
huss: (n) A dogfish.
hussar: (n) A member of the national cavalry of Hungary, Croatia and Poland.; A member of the light cavalry of any of several European armies.
Hussar: (N) A village in Alberta, Canada.
hussy: (n) A housewife or housekeeper.; A sexually immoral woman.; A cheeky or disrespectful girl; a woman showing inappropriate or improper behavior.; A case or bag for needles, thread, etc.
hustle: (v) To push someone roughly, to crowd, to jostle.; To rush or hurry.; To bundle; to stow something quickly.; To con or deceive; especially financially.; To play deliberately badly at a game or sport in an attempt to encourage players to challenge.; To obtain by illicit or forceful action.; To sell sex; to work as a pimp.; To be a prostitute, to exchange use of one's body for sexual purposes for money.; To dance the hustle, a disco dance.; To work.; To put a lot of effort into one's work.(n) A state of busy activity.; A propensity to work hard and get things done; ability to hustle.; A type of disco dance, commonly danced to the Van McCoy song The Hustle.; An activity, such as prostitution or reselling stolen items, that a prisoner uses to earn money in prison.
Huston: (N) A surname.
hut: (n) A small, simple one-storey dwelling or shelter, often with just one room, and generally built of readily available local materials.; A small wooden shed.; A small stack of grain.(v) To provide (someone) with shelter in a hut.; To take shelter in a hut.; To stack (sheaves of grain).(i) Called by the quarterback to prepare the team for a play.
hutch: (n) A box, chest, crate, case or cabinet.; A coop or cage for keeping small animals (rabbits, guinea pigs, dogs, etc).; A piece of furniture in which items may be displayed.; A cabinet for storing dishes.; A piece of furniture (cabinet) to be placed on top of a desk.; A measure of two Winchester bushels.; The case of a flour bolt.; A car on low wheels, in which coal is drawn in the mine and hoisted out of the pit.; A jig or trough for ore dressing or washing ore.; A baker's kneading-trough.(v) To hoard or lay up, in a chest.; To wash (ore) in a box or jig.
Hutch: (N) A male given name; A surname.
huts: (n) plural of hut(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hut
Huxley: (N) A village in Hargrave and Huxley parish, Cheshire, England (OS grid ref SJ510614).; A city in Story County, Iowa, United States.; A city in Shelby County, Texas, United States.; A habitational surname, from Old English.
huzza: (i) Alternative spelling of huzzah(n) Alternative spelling of huzzah(v) Alternative spelling of huzzah
huzzah: (i) Used as a call for coordinated physical effort, as in hoisting.; Used as a cheer indicating exaltation, enjoyment or approval.(n) A cheer often associated with sailors, shouted by a group in praise of a thing or event.(v) To cheer (someone or something) with a huzzah sound.
huzzas: (n) plural of huzza; alternative spelling of huzzahs
hwan: (n) The monetary unit of South Korea from February 15, 1953 to June 9, 1962.
Hyades: (N) Daughters of the Titan Atlas and sisters of the Pleiades.; An open cluster of stars in the constellation Taurus, and the nearest visible such cluster to Earth.
hyaena: (n) Alternative spelling of hyena
hybrid: (n) Offspring resulting from cross-breeding different entities, e.g. two different species or two purebred parent strains.; Something of mixed origin or composition; often, a tool or technology that combines the benefits of formerly separate tools or technologies.; A word whose elements are derived from different languages.; Something of mixed origin or composition; often, a tool or technology that combines the benefits of formerly separate tools or technologies.; A hybrid vehicle (especially a car), one that runs on both fuel (gasoline/diesel) and electricity (battery or energy from the sun).; Something of mixed origin or composition; often, a tool or technology that combines the benefits of formerly separate tools or technologies.; A bicycle that is a compromise between a road bike and a mountain bike.; Something of mixed origin or composition; often, a tool or technology that combines the benefits of formerly separate tools or technologies.; A golf club that combines the characteristics of an iron and a wood.; Something of mixed origin or composition; often, a tool or technology that combines the benefits of formerly separate tools or technologies.; An electronic circuit constructed of individual devices bonded to a substrate or PCB.; Something of mixed origin or composition; often, a tool or technology that combines the benefits of formerly separate tools or technologies.; A computer that is part analog computer and part digital computer.(aj) Consisting of diverse components.
hybris: (n) Alternative form of hubris
hybrises: (n) plural of hybris
hyde: (n) Alternative form of hide (area of land)(v) Obsolete form of hide.
Hyde: (N) An English topographic surname, from Middle English for someone living on a hide of land.; A civil parish in Central Bedfordshire, Bedfordshire, England.; A town in the Metropolitan Borough of Tameside, Greater Manchester, England (formerly in Cheshire).
hydra: (n) Any of several small freshwater polyps of the genus Hydra and related genera, having a naked cylindrical body and an oral opening surrounded by tentacles.; A dragon-like creature with many heads and the ability to regrow them when maimed.; A complex, multifarious problem or situation that cannot be solved easily and rapidly.
Hydra: (N) A mythological serpent with many heads, slain by Hercules as one of his twelve labours.; A spring constellation of the northern sky, said to resemble a serpent. It lies just south of the zodiac and contains the star Alphard.; One of Pluto's moons.; One of the Saronic Islands in the Aegean Sea.
hydria: (n) A three-handled clay or metal vessel used in Greek culture to hold and pour water.
hydric: (aj) Characterized by, or requiring, moisture.; Sufficiently wet to inhibit the survival of many species.; Relating to hydrogen.; Relating to alcohols.
hydrically: (adv) plural of hydric
hydro: (aj) hydroelectric; hydroponic(n) hydroelectric power; electrical power supply; specifically, electrical power provided by a utility (as a publicly-owned one); payment or bills for this.; A spa.; Alternative form of hydro- (“water”)
hyena: (n) Any of the medium-sized to large feliform carnivores of the subfamily Hyaenidae, native to Africa and Asia and noted for the sound similar to laughter which they can make if excited.; A man that performs ritualized sex acts with recently widowed women and menarchal girls.
hyenas: (n) plural of hyena
hyetal: (aj) Pertaining to rain.
hying: (v) present participle of hie(n) haste
Hyksos: (n) A mixed group of Asiatic people from Western Asia who took over the eastern Nile Delta, ending the Thirteenth Dynasty of Egypt and initiating the Second Intermediate Period.
hyla: (n) A tree frog of the genus Hyla.(n) Obsolete spelling of hyle
hylas: (n) plural of hyla
hymen: (n) A membrane which completely or partially occludes the vaginal opening in human females.; Marriage.
Hymen: (N) The god of marriage and marriage ceremonies.
hymn: (n) A song of praise or worship, especially a religious one.(v) To sing a hymn.; To praise or extol in hymns.
hymnal: (n) A collection of hymns; a hymn book.(aj) Of or pertaining to hymns.
hymns: (n) plural of hymn(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of hymn
hyoid: (aj) Shaped like a U, or like the letter upsilon.; Of or pertaining to the hyoid bone.(n) Ellipsis of hyoid bone.
hype: (n) Promotion or propaganda; especially exaggerated claims.(v) To promote heavily; to advertise or build up.(aj) Hyped (“excited”).; Excellent, cool.(n) A drug addict.(n) Alternative form of hipe (wrestling move)(v) Alternative form of hipe (wrestling move)
hypha: (n) Any of the long, threadlike filaments that form the mycelium of a fungus.
hyphen: (n) The symbol "‐", typically used to join two or more words to form a compound term, or to indicate that a word has been split at the end of a line.; Something that links two more consequential things.; An enclosed walkway or passage that connects two buildings.; Someone who belongs to a marginalized subgroup, and can therefore described by a hyphenated term, such as "German-American", "female-academic", etc.(v) To separate or punctuate with a hyphen; to hyphenate.(c) Used to emphasize the coordinating function usually indicated by the punctuation "-".
Hypnos: (N) The god and personification of sleep. The son of Nyx and Erebus, twin brother of Thanatos, husband of Pasithea, and the father of the Oneiroi. His Roman counterpart is Somnus.
hypo: (n) Melancholy; a fit of hypochondria; a morbid depression.; A hypochondriac.; sodium thiosulfate, a photographic fixing agent.; A hypoglycaemia attack in a person with diabetes.; The substance sodium hyposulfite.; A hypodermic syringe.; Hypothecation.; A hypothetical case.; A hypomelanistic snake.
hypoed: (v) plural of hypo
hypoing: (v) plural of hypo
hyrax: (n) Any of several small, paenungulate herbivorous mammals of the order Hyracoidea, with a bulky frame and fang-like incisors, native to Africa and the Middle East.
hyson: (n) A Chinese green tea.
Hyson: (N) A surname.
hyssop: (n) Any of several aromatic bushy herbs, of the genus Hyssopus, native to Southern Europe and once used medicinally.; Any of several similar plants; Agastache foeniculum, blue giant hyssop.; The sagebrush (Artemisia spp.).; A plant used used for sprinkling of blood or water in purification rituals and at Passover, Origanum syriacum.
