l: (C) The twelfth letter of the English alphabet, called el and written in the Latin script.(0) The ordinal number twelfth, derived from this letter of the English alphabet, called el and written in the Latin script.(n) litre, liter; pound (sterling) (from Latin libra)(i) Clipping of lol.
L: (C) The twelfth letter of the English alphabet, called el and written in the Latin script.(0) The ordinal number twelfth, derived from this letter of the English alphabet, called el and written in the Latin script.(n) The statistic for the number of losses by a team or player limited by some criteria (e.g. this season, at home, on turf).; Alternative spelling of el (“elevated train”)(aj) low (variety of a language with limited prestige and official acceptance)
la: (n) A syllable used in solfège to represent the sixth note of a major scale.(i) Represents the sound of music or singing.(i) Used to introduce a statement with emphatic or intensive effect.; Expressing surprise, anger. etc.(aj) Prefixed to the name of a woman, with ironic effect (as though an opera prima donna).(n) lad, kid
La: (n) Alternative form of LA
laager: (n) A defensive encampment encircled by wagons, especially by South African Boers.; A temporary formation of armoured vehicles for resupply.(v) To arrange in a circular formation for defence.; To camp in a circular formation.
lab: (n) A laboratory.; Laboratory experiment, test, investigation or result.(n) A Labrador retriever.(n) A telltale; a blabber.
Lab: (n) Diminutive of Labrador (a breed of dog)(N) A river in Kosovo; A region of Kosovo
label: (n) A small ticket or sign giving information about something to which it is attached or intended to be attached.; A name given to something or someone to categorise them as part of a particular social group.; A company that sells records.; A user-defined alias for a numerical designation, the reverse of an enumeration.; A named place in source code that can be jumped to using a GOTO or equivalent construct.; A charge resembling the strap crossing the horse’s chest from which pendants are hung.; A tassel.; A small strip, especially of paper or parchment (or of some material attached to parchment to carry the seal), but also of iron, brass, land, etc.; A piece of writing added to something, such as a codicil appended to a will.; A brass rule with sights, formerly used with a circumferentor to take altitudes.; The projecting moulding by the sides, and over the tops, of openings in mediaeval architecture.; In mediaeval and later art, a representation of a band or scroll containing an inscription.; A non-interactive control or widget displaying text, often used to describe the purpose of another control.(v) To put a label (a ticket or sign) on (something).; To give a label to (someone or something) in order to categorise that person or thing.; To replace specific atoms by their isotope in order to track the presence or movement of this isotope through a reaction, metabolic pathway or cell.; To add a detectable substance, either transiently or permanently, to a biological substance in order to track the presence of the label-substance combination either in situ or in vitro
labels: (n) plural of label(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of label
labia: (n) The folds of tissue at the opening of the vulva, at either side of the vagina.
labial: (aj) Of or pertaining to the lips or labia.; Articulated by the lips, as the consonants b, m and w.; On the side facing the lips. See mesial.; Furnished with lips.(n) A consonant articulated by the lips.; An organ pipe having a lip that influences its sound.; Any of the scales bordering the mouth opening of a reptile.
labile: (aj) Liable to slip, err, fall, or apostatize.; Apt or likely to change.; Kinetically unstable; rapidly cleaved (and possibly reformed).; Able to change valency without changing its form; especially, able to be used both transitively and intransitively without changing its form.
labium: (n) A liplike structure; especially one of the two pairs of folds of skin on either side of the vulva.; The lip of a labiate corolla.; A lower mouthpart of an insect that is formed by the second pair of maxillae united in the middle line.; A liplike part of various invertebrates.; The lip against which pressured air is driven to produce sound in a recorder and in a pipe organ with flue pipes.
lablab: (n) Any of the twining leguminous plants related to the bean, especially the hyacinth bean.
labor: (n) Alternative spelling of labour(v) US standard spelling of labour.
Labor: (N) The Australian Labor Party.; Misspelling of Labour. (UK political party)(N) A surname, from French.
labors: (n) plural of labor(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of labor
labour: (n) Effort expended on a particular task; toil, work.; That which requires hard work for its accomplishment; that which demands effort.; Workers in general; the working class, the workforce; sometimes specifically the labour movement, organised labour.; A political party or force aiming or claiming to represent the interests of labour.; The act of a mother giving birth.; The time period during which a mother gives birth.; The pitching or tossing of a vessel which results in the straining of timbers and rigging.; An old measure of land area in Mexico and Texas, approximately 177 acres. See also sitio; A group of moles.(v) To toil, to work.; To belabour, to emphasise or expand upon (a point in a debate, etc).; To be oppressed with difficulties or disease; to do one's work under conditions which make it especially hard or wearisome; to move slowly, as against opposition, or under a burden.; To suffer the pangs of childbirth.; To pitch or roll heavily, as a ship in a turbulent sea.
Labour: (N) Short for the Labour Party.; Misspelling of Labor, an Australian political party.
labret: (n) A body piercing consisting of an adornment attached to the lip.
labrum: (n) The uppermost of the mouthparts (trophi) of a typical insect, such as a cockroach. Typically resembles an upper lip and forms part of the roof of the mouth in such insects.; Any of several lip-like projections.; A large basin of warm water, with an overhanging lip, in a Roman bath.
Labrum: (N) A surname.
lac: (n) A resinous substance or lacquer produced mainly on the banyan tree by the female of Kerria lacca, a scale insect.(n) Alternative spelling of lakh(n) Clipping of Cadillac.(n) Laceration.
Lac: (N) A surname.
lace: (n) A light fabric containing patterns of holes, usually built up from a single thread. ᵂᵖ; A cord or ribbon passed through eyelets in a shoe or garment, pulled tight and tied to fasten the shoe or garment firmly. ᵂᵖ; A snare or gin, especially one made of interwoven cords; a net.; Spirits added to coffee or another beverage.(v) To fasten (something) with laces.; To add alcohol, poison, a drug or anything else potentially harmful to (food or drink).; To interweave items.; To interweave the spokes of a bicycle wheel.; To beat; to lash; to make stripes on.; To adorn with narrow strips or braids of some decorative material.
laced: (aj) Fastened or adorned with lace.; Tainted with something, especially a drug.(v) simple past tense and past participle of lace
laces: (n) plural of lace(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lace
laches: (n) An unreasonable delay in bringing a claim alleging a wrong, which means the person who waited shall not be permitted to seek an equitable remedy because the delay prejudiced the moving party.
Laches: (N) A surname.
lacheses: (n) plural of laches
lacing: (v) present participle of lace(n) That with which something is laced.; The tied or threaded laces that form a netlike pattern.; A beating as punishment; a hiding.; Lagging, or cross-pieces placed to prevent ore from falling into a passage.; The cords by which the boards of a book are fastened to the back.; The knee of the head, or lace-piece, a piece of compass or knee timber secured to the back of the figurehead.
lack: (n) A deficiency or need (of something desirable or necessary); an absence, want.; A defect or failing; moral or spiritual degeneracy.(v) To be without, to need, to require.; To be short (of or for something).; To be in want.; To see the deficiency in (someone or something); to find fault with, to malign, reproach.(n) Archaic form of lakh.
lacked: (v) simple past tense and past participle of lack
lacker: (n) One who is lacking, or in want.(n) Obsolete spelling of lacquer(v) Obsolete spelling of lacquer
lackey: (n) A footman, a liveried male servant.; A fawning, servile follower.(v) To attend, wait upon, serve obsequiously.; To toady, play the flunky.
Lackey: (N) A surname.
lacks: (n) plural of lack(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lack
lacs: (n) plural of lac
Lacs: (N) plural of Lac
lactam: (n) Any of a class of cyclic amides that are the nitrogen analogs of lactones, formed by heating amino acids; the tautomeric enol forms are known as lactims.
lactic: (aj) Of, relating to, or derived from milk; That produces lactic acid
lacuna: (n) A small opening; a small pit or depression, especially in bone.; A space visible between cells, allowing free passage of light.; A small blank space; a gap or vacancy; a hiatus.; An absent part, especially in a book or other piece of writing, often referring to an ancient manuscript or similar.; A small blank space; a gap or vacancy; a hiatus.; Any gap, break, hole, or lack in a set of things; something missing.; A small blank space; a gap or vacancy; a hiatus.; A language gap, which occurs when there is no direct translation in the target language for a lexical term found in the source language.
lacy: (aj) Made of lace or decorated with it.; Looking like lace.
Lacy: (N) A surname, from Old French, a spelling variant of Lacey.; A male given name transferred from the surname, of mostly 19th century usage.; A female given name transferred from the surname, of modern usage.
lad: (n) A boy or young man.; A Jack the lad; a boyo.; A familiar term of address for a young man.; A groom who works with horses.; The penis.
ladder: (n) A frame, usually portable, of wood, metal, or rope, used for ascent and descent, consisting of two side pieces to which are fastened rungs (cross strips or rounds acting as steps).; A series of stages by which one progresses to a better position.; The hierarchy or ranking system within an organization, such as the corporate ladder.; A length of unravelled fabric in a knitted garment, especially in nylon stockings; a run.; In the game of go, a sequence of moves following a zigzag pattern and ultimately leading to the capture of the attacked stones.(v) To arrange or form into a shape of a ladder.; To ascend (a building, a wall, etc.) using a ladder.; Of a knitted garment: to develop a ladder as a result of a broken thread.; To close in on a target with successive salvos, increasing or decreasing the shot range as necessary.
laddie: (n) A small boy.
lade: (v) To fill or load (related to cargo or a shipment).; To weigh down, oppress, or burden.; To use a ladle or dipper to remove something (generally water).; To transfer (molten glass) from the pot to the forming table, in making plate glass.; To admit water by leakage.(n) A load.(n) The mouth of a river.; A passage for water; a ditch or drain.; Water pumped into and out of mills, especially woolen mills.
Lade: (N) A surname.; A coastal hamlet in Lydd parish, Folkestone and Hythe district, Kent, England (OS grid ref TR0820).
laden: (aj) Weighed down with a load, burdened.; Heavy.; Oppressed.; In the form of an adsorbate or adduct.(v) past participle of lade
ladening: (v) plural of laden
ladens: (v) plural of laden
ladies: (n) plural of lady(n) A ladies' room: a lavatory intended for use by women.
Ladin: (N) A Rhaeto-Romance language (or dialect continuum), spoken primarily in the Italian portion of Tyrol and the Dolomite Mountains in Northern Italy.(n) A person speaking Ladin as a mother tongue.
lading: (n) The action of loading.; Shipment, cargo, freight.(v) present participle of lade
ladino: (n) Alternative letter-case form of Ladino (“mestizo”); A cunningly vicious, wild or unmanagable horse.(n) Trifolium repens (white clover).
Ladino: (N) A Romance language mainly spoken by Sephardic Jews (Wikipedia), derived mainly from Old Castilian (Spanish) and Hebrew.(n) A person in Latin America whose culture or ancestry is a mixture of European Spanish and Native American, especially one who speaks Spanish; a mestizo.(N) A surname, from Spanish.
ladle: (n) A deep-bowled spoon with a long, usually curved, handle.; A container used in a foundry to transport and pour out molten metal.; The float of a mill wheel; a ladle board.; An instrument for drawing the charge of a cannon.; A ring, with a handle or handles fitted to it, for carrying shot.(v) To pour or serve something with a ladle.
lads: (n) plural of lad; A group of friends, regardless of gender. Often the lads.
lady: (n) The mistress of a household.; A woman of breeding or higher class, a woman of authority.; The feminine of lord.; A title for someone married to a lord or gentleman.; A title that can be used instead of the formal terms of marchioness, countess, viscountess, or baroness.; A woman: an adult female human.; A polite reference or form of address to women.; Used to address a female.; Toilets intended for use by women.; A wife or girlfriend; a sweetheart.; A woman to whom the particular homage of a knight was paid; a woman to whom one is devoted or bound.; A queen (the playing card).; Who is a woman.; Alternative form of Lady.; The triturating apparatus in the stomach of a lobster, consisting of calcareous plates; so called from a fancied resemblance to a seated female figure.; A five-pound note. (Rhyming slang, Lady Godiva for fiver.); A woman’s breast.; A queen.(v) To address as “lady”.
Lady: (n) An aristocratic title for a woman; the wife of a lord and/or a woman who holds the position in her own right; a title for a peeress, the wife of a peer or knight, and the daughters and daughters-in-law of certain peers.; A high priestess.(N) The title for the (primary) female deity in female-centered religions.; The major supernatural figurehead in the Wiccan religion, a triune goddess split into the Mother, Maiden, and Crone.
lag: (aj) Late.; Last; long-delayed.; Last made; hence, made of refuse; inferior.(n) A gap, a delay; an interval created by something not keeping up; a latency.; Delay; latency.; One sentenced to transportation for a crime.; A prisoner, a criminal.; A method of deciding which player shall start. Both players simultaneously strike a cue ball from the baulk line to hit the top cushion and rebound down the table; the player whose ball finishes closest to the baulk cushion wins.; One who lags; that which comes in last.; The fag-end; the rump; hence, the lowest class.; A stave of a cask, drum, etc.; especially (engineering) one of the narrow boards or staves forming the covering of a cylindrical object, such as a boiler, or the cylinder of a carding machine or steam engine.; A bird, the greylag.(v) To fail to keep up (the pace), to fall behind.; To cover (for example, pipes) with felt strips or similar material (referring to a time lag effect in thermal transfer).; To transport as a punishment for crime.; To arrest or apprehend.; To cause to lag; to slacken.
LAG: (aj) Loose (inclined to play many starting hands, including weak ones) and aggressive (inclined to raise often).
lagan: (n) Goods or materials found or left on the sea floor, attached to a floating marker that indicates ownership.
Lagan: (N) A river in County Down and County Antrim, Northern Ireland, which flows through the city of Belfast into Belfast Lough.
lagans: (n) plural of lagan
lagena: (n) The upper part of the cochlear duct.; A similar structure, shaped like a flask, that is a hearing organ in some vertebrates.; A wine-vase; an amphora.
lager: (n) A type of beer, brewed using a bottom-fermenting yeast.(v) To store (lager beer) at a low temperature for maturing and clarification.(n) Alternative spelling of laager(v) Alternative spelling of laager
lagged: (v) simple past tense and past participle of lag
lagoon: (n) A shallow body of water separated from deeper sea by a bar.
Lagos: (N) A major city, the former capital of Nigeria.; A state of Nigeria, in the southwestern part of the country.; A city and municipality of Faro district, Portugal.
lags: (n) plural of lag(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lag
Lahore: (N) The second largest city of Pakistan and the provincial capital of Punjab; located near Indian border on Ravi river
laic: (n) A layperson, as opposed to a member of the clergy.(aj) Lay, relating to laypersons, as opposed to clerical.
laid: (v) simple past tense and past participle of lay(aj) Marked with parallel lines, as if ribbed, from wires in the mould.
laided: (v) plural of laid
laiding: (v) plural of laid
laids: (v) plural of laid
lain: (v) past participle of lie (“to be oriented in a horizontal position, situated”)(v) To conceal, keep quiet about.
Lain: (N) A surname.
lair: (n) A place inhabited by a wild animal, often a cave or a hole in the ground.; A shed or shelter for domestic animals.; A place inhabited by a criminal or criminals, a superhero or a supervillain; a refuge, retreat, haven or hideaway.; A bed or resting place.; A grave; a cemetery plot.(v) To rest; to dwell.; To lay down.; To bury.(n) A bog; a mire.(v) To mire.; To become mired.(n) A person who dresses in a showy but tasteless manner and behaves in a vulgar and conceited way; a show-off.
Lair: (N) A surname.
laird: (n) The owner of a Scottish estate; a member of the landed gentry, a landowner.; Often in the form Laird of, followed by a patronymic: a Scottish clan chief.(v) Chiefly as laird it over: to behave like a laird, particularly to act haughtily or to domineer; to lord (it over).
Laird: (N) A surname.
lairs: (n) plural of lair
Lairs: (N) plural of Lair
laisse: (n) A section of verse concerning a single theme; tirade.
laity: (n) People of a church who are not ordained clergy or clerics.; The common man or woman.; The unlearned, untrained or ignorant.
lake: (n) A large, landlocked stretch of water.; A large amount of liquid; as, a wine lake.; A small stream of running water; a channel for water; a drain.; A pit, or ditch.(n) An offering, sacrifice, gift.; Play; sport; game; fun; glee.(v) To present an offering.; To leap, jump, exert oneself, play.(n) A kind of fine, white linen.(n) In dyeing and painting, an often fugitive crimson or vermillion pigment derived from an organic colorant (cochineal or madder, for example) and an inorganic, generally metallic mordant.; In the composition of colors for use in products intended for human consumption, made by extending on a substratum of alumina, a salt prepared from one of the certified water-soluble straight colors.(v) To make lake-red.
Lake: (N) A surname.; A large village and civil parish on the Isle of Wight, England (OS grid ref SZ5983).; A settlement in Wilsford cum Lake parish, Wiltshire, England (OS grid ref SU1339).; An unincorporated community in Fremont County, Idaho.; An unincorporated community in Laurel County, Kentucky.; An unincorporated community in Ascension Parish, Louisiana.; An unincorporated community in Baltimore County, Maryland.; An unincorporated community in Garfield Township, Clare County, Michigan.; A town in Newton County and Scott County, Mississippi.; A township in St. Louis County, Missouri.; An unincorporated community in Tulsa County, Oklahoma.; An unincorporated community in Northumberland County, Virginia.; An unincorporated community in Logan County, West Virginia.; A town in Marinette County, Wisconsin.; A former town in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, annexed by the city of Milwaukee in 1954.; A town in Price County, Wisconsin.; A unisex given name.
laker: (n) One engaged in sport; a player; an actor.(n) A wharfman who resides near a lake.; A ship used on the Great Lakes.
Laker: (n) A Lakist; one of the Lake Poets.; A player for the Los Angeles Lakers basketball team(N) A surname.
lakes: (n) plural of lake(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lake
Lakes: (N) The Lake District, a rural area in northwest England.(N) A state of South Sudan.
lakh: (0) One hundred thousand; 100,000; or with Indian digit grouping, 1,00,000. Often used with units of money.
laky: (aj) of, pertaining to, or resembling a lake; of the color of a lake pigment; murky; transparent; said of blood rendered transparent by the action of some solvent agent on the red blood corpuscles
lam: (v) To beat or thrash.; To flee or run away.(n) flight, escape(n) The twenty-third letter of the Arabic alphabet, ل (l). It is preceded by ك (k) and followed by م (m).
Lam: (N) A surname, from Cantonese.
lama: (n) A master of Tibetan Buddhism.(n) Alternative form of llama
Lama: (N) A surname.
lamb: (n) A young sheep.; The flesh of a lamb or sheep used as food.; A person who is meek, docile and easily led.; A simple, unsophisticated person.; One who ignorantly speculates on the stock exchange and is victimized.(v) Of a sheep, to give birth.; To assist (sheep) to give birth.
Lamb: (N) A surname, from Middle English.(N) Jesus; the Lamb of God
lambda: (n) The eleventh letter of the Classical and Modern Greek alphabet, the twelfth of the Old Greek alphabet.; Unit representation of wavelength.; The cosmological constant.; A lambda expression.; The junction of the lambdoid and sagittal sutures of the cranium.; A lambda baryon.; The percentage change in an option value divided by the percentage change in the underlying asset's price.
Lambda: (N) A female given name.
lambs: (n) plural of lamb(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lamb
lame: (aj) Unable to walk properly because of a problem with one's feet or legs.; Moving with pain or difficulty on account of injury, defect or temporary obstruction of a function.; Hobbling; limping; inefficient; imperfect.; Unconvincing or unbelievable.; Failing to be cool, funny, interesting or relevant.(v) To cause (a person or animal) to become lame.(n) A stupid or undesirable person.(n) A lamina; a thin layer or plate of material, as in certain kinds of armor.; A set of joined overlapping metal plates.; Kitchen tool for scoring bread dough before baking.
lamed: (n) The twelfth letter of many Semitic alphabets/abjads (Phoenician, Aramaic, Hebrew, Syriac, Arabic and others).(v) simple past tense and past participle of lame
lamely: (av) In the manner of one who is lame.; In a foolish or ineffective way.
lament: (n) An expression of grief, suffering, sadness or regret.; A song expressing grief.(v) To express grief; to weep or wail; to mourn.; To feel great sorrow or regret; to bewail.
lamia: (n) A monster preying upon human beings and who sucked the blood of children, often described as having the head and breasts of a woman and the lower half of a serpent.
Lamia: (N) A city in Greece.
lamina: (n) a thin layer, plate, or scale of material; either of two broad, flat plates of bone of a vertebra that is fused with and extends from the pedicle to the median line of the neural arch to form the base of the spinous process and that along with the pedicle forms the posterior part of the vertebral foramen; a thin layer, plate, or scale of material; the flat expanded part of a foliage leaf or leaflet; a thin layer, plate, or scale of material; a fine layer that occurs in sedimentary rocks; a thin layer, plate, or scale of material; one of the narrow thin parallel plates of soft vascular sensitive tissue that cover the flesh within the wall of a hoof
Lammas: (n) A former festival held on 1st August celebrating the harvest.; 1st August, a quarter day.; A modern pagan festival celebrated in early August celebrating the start of the grain harvest.
lamp: (n) A device that generates heat, light or other radiation. Especially an electric light bulb.; A device containing oil, burnt through a wick for illumination; an oil lamp.; A piece of furniture holding one or more electric light sockets.(v) To hit, clout, belt, wallop.; To hunt at night using a lamp; see lamping.; To hang out or chill; to do nothing in particular.; To make into a table lamp, said of a vase or urn, etc.
Lamp: (N) A surname.
lampas: (n) A type of luxury fabric with a background weft.(n) An inflammation and swelling of the soft parts of the palate immediately behind the foreteeth in a horse.
lamps: (n) plural of lamp(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lamp
Lamps: (N) plural of Lamp
lanai: (n) A Hawaiian-style roofed patio.
Lanai: (N) The sixth largest island of Hawaii, mostly privately owned.
lanate: (aj) Covered in or composed of woolly hairs.
lance: (n) A weapon of war, consisting of a long shaft or handle and a steel blade or head; a spear carried by horsemen.; A wooden spear, sometimes hollow, used in jousting or tilting, designed to shatter on impact with the opposing knight’s armour.; A spear or harpoon used by whalers and fishermen.; A soldier armed with a lance; a lancer.; An instrument which conveys the charge of a piece of ordnance and forces it home.; A small iron rod which suspends the core of the mold in casting a shell.; One of the small paper cases filled with combustible composition, which mark the outlines of a figure.; A lancet.(v) To pierce with a lance, or with any similar weapon.; To open with a lancet; to pierce.; To throw in the manner of a lance; to lanch.
Lance: (N) A patronymic surname, from given names.; A male given name from the Germanic languages, pet form of Lancelot or transferred use of the surname; by folk etymology associated with a lance.
lancer: (n) A cavalry soldier armed with a lance weapon.; Any of various Asian hesperiid butterflies of the genus Plastingia.; One who lances something.
lances: (n) plural of lance(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lance(n) plural of lanx
Lances: (N) plural of Lance
lancet: (n) A sharp, pointed, two-edged surgical instrument used in venesection and for opening abscesses etc.; A small, sterile single-use needle used to draw a drop of blood for testing, as with a glucometer.; An iron bar used for tapping a melting furnace.; A high narrow window, terminating in an arch acutely pointed, often double or triple, common in the first half of the 13th century.(v) To pierce with a lancet.
Lancet: (N) A surname.
land: (n) The part of Earth which is not covered by oceans or other bodies of water.; Real estate or landed property; a partitioned and measurable area which is owned and acquired and on which buildings and structures can be built and erected.; A country or region.; A person's country of origin and/or homeplace; homeland.; The soil, in respect to its nature or quality for farming.; realm, domain.; The ground left unploughed between furrows; any of several portions into which a field is divided for ploughing.; A shock or fright.; A conducting area on a board or chip which can be used for connecting wires.; On a compact disc or similar recording medium, an area of the medium which does not have pits.; The non-airline portion of an itinerary. Hotel, tours, cruises, etc.; The ground or floor.; The lap of the strakes in a clinker-built boat; the lap of plates in an iron vessel; called also landing.; In any surface prepared with indentations, perforations, or grooves, that part of the surface which is not so treated, such as the level part of a millstone between the furrows.; The space between the rifling grooves in a gun.; A group of dwellings or tenements under one roof and having a common entry.(v) To descend to a surface, especially from the air.; To alight, to descend from a vehicle.; To come into rest.; To arrive on land, especially a shore or dock, from a body of water.; To bring to land.; To acquire; to secure.; To succeed in having sexual relations with; to score; (of a blow) To deliver.; (of a punch) To connect; To go down well with an audience.(n) lant; urine
Land: (N) A surname, from Middle English.
landau: (n) A type of lightweight, four-wheeled carriage in which the front and back passenger seats face each other.; A style of automobile based around the design of landau carriages.
Landau: (N) A surname.
lande: (n) Obsolete form of land.(n) An uncultivated plain, especially a sandy track along the seashore in southwestern France.
landed: (aj) In possession of land.; Consisting of land, especially with a single owner.(v) simple past tense and past participle of land
landes: (n) plural of lande
Landes: (N) A department of Nouvelle-Aquitaine, France. Capital: Mont-de-Marsan.
lands: (n) plural of land(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of land
lane: (n) A road, street, or similar thoroughfare.; A narrow passageway between fences, walls, hedges or trees.; A narrow road, as in the country.; A lengthwise division of roadway intended for a single line of vehicles.; A similar division of a racetrack to keep runners apart.; Any of a number of parallel tracks or passages.; A course designated for ships or aircrafts.; An elongated wooden strip of floor along which a bowling ball is rolled.; An empty space in the tableau, formed by the removal of an entire row of cards.; Any of the parallel slots in which values can be stored in a SIMD architecture.; In MOBA (multiplayer online battle arena) games, a particular path on the map that may be traversed by enemy characters.; The home stretch.
Lane: (N) A topographic surname, from Middle English for someone who lived in a lane.; A patronymic surname, from Irish anglicised from various Irish surnames.; A male given name transferred from the surname.; A female given name.; An unincorporated community in Idaho.; A city in Kansas.; An unincorporated community in Douglas County, Nebraska, taken from the surname.; An unincorporated community in Oklahoma.; A town in South Carolina.; A town in South Dakota.; The Theatre Royal, Drury Lane.
lanes: (n) plural of lane; bowling alley; One side of a divided highway that carries traffic in a single direction.
lang: (aj) long
Lang: (N) A surname.; An English surname, from nicknames from Old English lang (“long”), a nickname for a tall person.; A surname.; A German surname, from German, a variant of Lange.; A surname.; A Dutch surname, from Dutch, a variant of de Lange.; A surname.; A Manchu surname, from Chinese, anglicized from Chinese 郎 (Láng), used as a translation of Manchu ᠨᡳᠣᡥᡠᡵᡠ (niohuru, “Niohuru”, literally “wolf”) for its homophony with 狼 (láng, “wolf”).; A placename; A settlement in New South Wales, Australia.; A placename; A town in Styria, Austria. Ultimately from Proto-Slavic *lǫka (“meadow”), or perhaps of Celtic origin.; A placename; A village in Saskatchewan, Canada.; A placename; A village in Gilan, Iran. From Persian لنگ (lang).; A placename; A ghost town in Georgia, United States; named after postmaster Benjamin F. Lang.
langer: (n) Fool; idiot; annoying or contemptible person (usually male).; A person from south county Dublin.; Penis.
Langer: (N) A surname, from German.
langest: (adj) plural of lang
langue: (n) Language as a system rather than language in use, including the formal rules, structures, and limitations of language.
langues: (n) plural of langue
langur: (n) Any of the Old World monkeys of the subfamily Colobinae, in the genera Simias, Trachypithecus (lutungs), Presbytis, (surilis), and Semnopithecus, (gray langurs).; A gibbon of the genus Hoolock.
lank: (aj) Slender or thin; not well filled out; not plump; shrunken; lean.; Meagre, paltry, scant in quantity.; Straight and flat; thin and limp. (Often associated with being greasy.); Languid; drooping, slack.(v) To become lank.
Lank: (N) A surname.
lanky: (aj) Tall, slim, and rather ungraceful or awkward.
Lanky: (N) The dialect of English spoken in Lancashire.
lanner: (n) The lanner falcon, Falco biarmicus.
lanose: (aj) Woolly, resembling wool.
lant: (n) Aged urine.(v) To flavor (ale) with aged urine.(n) Obsolete form of lanterloo. (the card game)(n) Any of several species of slender marine fishes of the genus Ammodytes. The common European species (Ammodytes tobianus) and the American species (Ammodytes americanus) live on sandy shores, buried in the sand, and are caught in large quantities for bait.
Lant: (N) A surname, from Middle English.
lanugo: (n) Soft down or fine hair, specifically that covering the human foetus or a tumorous area.
Lao: (n) A Tai ethnic group native to Southeast Asia.; The official language of Laos that is closely related to Thai.(aj) Of, from, or pertaining to Laos, the Lao people or their Kra-Dai Lao language.
Laos: (N) A country in Southeast Asia. Official name: Lao People’s Democratic Republic(n) plural of Lao
LAOS: (N) the Popular Orthodox Rally, a Greek political party (Λαϊκός Ορθόδοξος Συναγερμός).
lap: (n) The loose part of a coat; the lower part of a garment that plays loosely; a skirt; an apron.; An edge; a border; a hem, as of cloth.; The part of the clothing that lies on the knees or thighs when one sits down; that part of the person thus covered.; a place of rearing and fostering; The upper legs of a seated person.; The female pudenda.; A component that overlaps or covers any portion of itself or of an adjacent component.(v) To enfold; to hold as in one's lap; to cherish.; To rest or recline in a lap, or as in a lap.(v) To fold; to bend and lay over or on something.; to wrap around, enwrap, wrap up; to envelop, enfold; to wind around; To place or lay (one thing) so as to overlap another.; To polish, e.g., a surface, until smooth.; To be turned or folded; to lie partly on or over something; to overlap.; To overtake a straggler in a race by completing one more whole lap than the straggler.; To cut or polish with a lap, as glass, gems, cutlery, etc.(n) The act or process of lapping.; That part of any substance or fixture which extends over, or lies upon, or by the side of, a part of another.; The state or condition of being in part extended over or by the side of something else; or the extent of the overlapping.; The amount by which a slide valve at its half stroke overlaps a port in the seat, being equal to the distance the valve must move from its mid stroke position in order to begin to open the port. Used alone, lap refers to outside lap (see below).; One circuit around a race track.; The traversal of one length of the pool, or (less commonly) one length and back again.; In card playing and other games, the points won in excess of the number necessary to complete a game; — so called when they are counted in the score of the following game.; A sheet, layer, or bat, of cotton fiber prepared for the carding machine.; A piece of brass, lead, or other soft metal, used to hold a cutting or polishing powder in cutting glass, gems, etc. or in polishing cutlery, etc. It is usually in the form of a wheel or disk that revolves on a vertical axis.(v) To take (liquid) into the mouth with the tongue; to lick up with a quick motion of the tongue.; To wash against a surface with a splashing sound; to swash.(n) The taking of liquid into the mouth with the tongue.; Liquor; alcoholic drink.(n) Clipping of laparoscopy.(aj) Clipping of laparoscopic.
lapel: (n) Each of the two triangular pieces of cloth on the front of a jacket or coat that are folded back below the throat, leaving a triangular opening between.
lapels: (n) plural of lapel
lapful: (n) As much as somebody's lap can hold.
lapides: (n) plural of lapis
lapin: (n) Rabbit fur.; A castrated male rabbit.
lapis: (n) Ellipsis of lapis lazuli.
Lapith: (n) One of a semi-legendary, semi-historical race of Thessaly.
Lapp: (n) An indigenous person from Lapland. One of the Sami people.(N) The language of the Lapp peoples.(aj) From Lapland or of the Lapp peoples
lapped: (v) simple past tense and past participle of lap(aj) Being one or more complete laps behind the leader in a race.
lappet: (n) A small decorative fold or flap, especially of lace or muslin, in a garment or headdress.; A wattle or flap-like structure on the face.; A head-dress made with lappets for lace pendants.; Lobe (division of an organ).(v) To decorate with, or as if with, lappets.
laps: (n) plural of lap(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lap
lapse: (n) A temporary failure; a slip.; A decline or fall in standards.; A pause in continuity.; An interval of time between events.; A termination of a right etc., through disuse or neglect.; A marked decrease in air temperature with increasing altitude because the ground is warmer than the surrounding air.; A common-law rule that if the person to whom property is willed were to die before the testator, then the gift would be ineffective.; A fall or apostasy.(v) To fall away gradually; to subside.; To fall into error or heresy.; To slip into a bad habit that one is trying to avoid.; To become void.; To fall or pass from one proprietor to another, or from the original destination, by the omission, negligence, or failure of somebody, such as a patron or legatee.
lapsed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of lapse(aj) Discontinued; having ceased or gone out of use.; Changed to a less valued condition or state; especially having lost one's religious faith.; By extension, having changed a (secular) belief or adherence.; Having passed from the original holder or authority; no longer claimed.
lapses: (n) plural of lapse(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lapse
lapsus: (n) A slip, lapse, or error.
lar: (n) singular of lares: a household god, particularly overseeing the family itself.; The lar gibbon.
LAR: (n) Alternative form of LAr (liquid argon)
larch: (n) A coniferous tree, of genus Larix, having deciduous leaves, in fascicles.; The wood of the larch.
Larch: (N) A surname, from German.
lard: (n) Fat from the abdomen of a pig, especially as prepared for use in cooking or pharmacy.; Fatty meat from a pig; bacon, pork.; Excess fat on a person or animal.(v) To stuff (meat) with bacon or pork before cooking.; To smear with fat or lard.; To garnish or strew, especially with reference to words or phrases in speech and writing.; To fatten; to enrich.; To grow fat.; To mix or garnish with something, as by way of improvement; to interlard.
Lard: (N) A surname.
larder: (n) A cool room in a domestic house where food is stored, but larger than a pantry.; A food supply.
lardon: (n) Alternative form of lardoon
lardy: (aj) Resembling or containing (perhaps an excess of) lard.; fat or overweight.(n) An obese person.; A lardy cake.
large: (aj) Of considerable or relatively great size or extent.; Abundant; ample.; Full in statement; diffuse; profuse.; Free; unencumbered.; Unrestrained by decorum; said of language.; Crossing the line of a ship's course in a favorable direction; said of the wind when it is abeam, or between the beam and the quarter.(n) An old musical note, equal to two longas, four breves, or eight semibreves.; Liberality, generosity.; A thousand dollars/pounds.; A large serving of something.(av) Before the wind.
Large: (N) A surname.
larger: (aj) comparative form of large: more large
larges: (n) plural of large
Larges: (N) plural of Large
largo: (n) a very slow tempo; a musical piece or movement in such a tempo(aj) strong and stately
Largo: (N) A surname.
lariat: (n) A lasso.; A tether.; An attack where the wrestler runs towards an opponent, wraps his arm around their upper chest and neck and then forces them to the ground.(v) To lasso.
larine: (aj) Of or pertaining to the gull family, Laridae.
lark: (n) Any of various small, singing passerine birds of the family Alaudidae.; Any of various similar-appearing birds, but usually ground-living, such as the meadowlark and titlark.; One who wakes early; one who is up with the larks.(v) To catch larks (type of bird).(n) A romp, frolic, some fun.; A prank.(v) To sport, engage in harmless pranking.; To frolic, engage in carefree adventure.
Lark: (N) A surname, from nicknames, from lark as a byname or for a catcher and seller of larks.; A patronymic surname, from given names shortened from Larkin, a medieval diminutive of Laurence.; A male given name transferred from the surname, of occasional usage.; A female given name from English from the lark bird.; A river in England, on the border between Suffolk and Cambridgeshire.(N) Alternative form of Larak (“island off the coast of Iran”)
larks: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lark
larn: (v) To learn.; To teach.
larning: (v) plural of larn
larrup: (v) to beat or thrash(n) A blow or smack.; backchat or rudeness
larum: (n) Obsolete form of alarum.(v) Obsolete form of alarum.
larva: (n) An early stage of growth for some insects and amphibians, in which after hatching from their egg, insects are wingless and resemble a caterpillar or grub, and amphibians lack limbs and resemble fish.; An animal in the aforementioned stage.; A form of a recently born or hatched animal that is quite different from its adult stage.
larvae: (n) plural of larva
larval: (aj) Of or relating to a larva or larvae.; Being a larva.; Characteristic of larvae.; Having the form or shape of a larva.; Undeveloped, latent.
larynx: (n) A hollow muscular organ of the neck of mammals situated just below where the tract of the pharynx splits into the trachea and the oesophagus. It is involved in breath control and protection of the trachea, and, because it houses the vocal cords, sound production.
las: (n) plural of la
lascar: (n) A sailor from India or Southeast Asia, especially as serving on a European ship.; A tent-pitcher; also a type of artilleryman.; Any of various nymphalid butterflies of the Asian genera Pantoporia and Lasippa.
lase: (v) To use a laser beam on, as for cutting.; To operate as a laser, to release coherent light due to stimulation.
laser: (n) A device that produces a monochromatic, coherent beam of light.; A beam of light produced by such a device; a laser beam.; A laser printer.(v) To cut with a laser.; To throw or kick with laser-like precision.(n) A gum resin obtained from certain umbelliferous plants.; Such a plant.
Laser: (n) A simple type of dinghy
lash: (n) The thong or braided cord of a whip, with which the blow is given.; A leash in which an animal is caught or held; hence, a snare.; A stroke with a whip, or anything pliant and tough.; A stroke of satire or sarcasm; an expression or retort that cuts or gives pain; a cut.; A hair growing from the edge of the eyelid; an eyelash.; In carpet weaving, a group of strings for lifting simultaneously certain yarns, to form the figure.(v) To strike with a lash; to whip or scourge with a lash, or with something like one.; To strike forcibly and quickly, as with a lash; to beat, or beat upon, with a motion like that of a lash.; To throw out with a jerk or quickly.; To scold; or to satirize; to censure with severity.; To ply the whip; to strike.; To utter censure or sarcastic language.; To fall heavily, especially in the phrase lash down(v) To bind with a rope, cord, thong, or chain, so as to fasten.(aj) Remiss, lax.; Relaxed.; Soft, watery, wet.; excellent, wonderful; Drunk.(n) looseness between fitted parts, either intentional (as allowance) or unintentional (from error or wear).
Lash: (N) A surname.
lashed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of lash
lashes: (n) plural of lash(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lash
Lashes: (N) plural of Lash
Laski: (N) A surname, from Polish.
lass: (n) A young woman or girl.; A sweetheart.
lasses: (n) plural of lass
lassie: (n) A young girl, a lass, especially one seen as a sweetheart.
Lassie: (N) A name given to female dogs.
lasso: (n) A long rope with a sliding loop on one end, generally used in ranching to catch cattle and horses.; An image-editing function allowing the user to capture an irregularly-shaped object by drawing an approximate outline.(v) To catch with a lasso.
last: (aj) Final, ultimate, coming after all others of its kind.; Most recent, latest, last so far.; Farthest of all from a given quality, character, or condition; most unlikely, or least preferable.; Being the only one remaining of its class.; Supreme; highest in degree; utmost.; Lowest in rank or degree.(d) The (one) immediately before the present.; Closest in the past, or closest but one if the closest was very recent; of days, sometimes thought to specifically refer to the instance closest to seven days (one week) ago.(av) Most recently.; after everything else; finally(v) To perform, carry out.; To endure, continue over time.; To hold out, continue undefeated or entire.(n) A tool for shaping or preserving the shape of shoes.(v) To shape with a last; to fasten or fit to a last; to place smoothly on a last.(n) A burden; load; a cargo; freight.; A measure of weight or quantity, varying in designation depending on the goods concerned.; An old English (and Dutch) measure of the carrying capacity of a ship, equal to two tons.; A load of some commodity with reference to its weight and commercial value.
Last: (N) A surname.
lasted: (v) simple past tense and past participle of last
lastly: (av) Used to mark the beginning of the last in a list of items or propositions.; Used to signal that the speaker is about to yield control of the conversation.
lasts: (n) plural of last(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of last
Lasts: (N) plural of Last
lat: (n) A staff, particularly one of an Indian kind.; A monumental pillar, particularly the Buddhist columns erected in East India.(n) A latrine: a rudimentary or military facility for urination and defecation.(n) The gold-backed monetary unit of Latvia from August 1922 until April 1941, when it was replaced by the Soviet ruble; it was typically pegged at about 25 to the British pound.; The floating fiat monetary unit of Latvia from 1992 until January 2014, when it was replaced by the euro.; A coin or bill of either currency.(n) A latissimus dorsi muscle.(n) latitude
latch: (v) To close or lock as if with a latch.; To catch; lay hold of.(n) A fastening for a door that has a bar that fits into a notch or slot, and is lifted by a lever or string from either side.; An electronic circuit that is like a flip-flop, except that it is level triggered instead of edge triggered.; A latching.; A crossbow.; That which fastens or holds; a lace; a snare.; A breastfeeding baby's connection to the breast.; A lightweight lock to protect internal structures from being modified by multiple concurrent accesses.(v) To smear; to anoint.
late: (aj) Near the end of a period of time.; Specifically, near the end of the day.; Associated with the end of a period.; Not arriving until after an expected time.; Not having had an expected menstrual period.; Deceased, dead: used particularly when speaking of the dead person's actions while alive. (Often used with "the"; see usage notes.); Existing or holding some position not long ago, but not now; departed, or gone out of office.; Recent — relative to the noun it modifies.; Of a star or class of stars, cooler than the sun.(n) A shift (scheduled work period) that takes place late in the day or at night.(av) After a deadline has passed, past a designated time.; Formerly, especially in the context of service in a military unit.; Not long ago; just now.
lated: (aj) Belated; too late; delayed, overtaken by night.
lateen: (n) A triangular fore-and-aft sail set on a boom in such way that the tack is attached to the hull of the vessel and the free end of the boom lifts the sail.
lately: (av) Recently; not long ago; of late.
laten: (v) To grow late; become later.
latent: (aj) Existing or present but concealed or inactive.; remaining in an inactive or hidden phase; dormant.; lying dormant or hidden until circumstances are suitable for development or manifestation.(n) The residue left by a person's finger that can be made visible by a process such as powder dusting; a latent fingerprint.; An underlying cause that can be inferred from statistical correlations; factor.; Anything that is latent.
later: (av) comparative form of late: more late; Afterward in time (used with than when comparing with another time).; At some unspecified time in the future.(aj) comparative form of late: more late; Coming afterward in time (used with than when comparing with another time).; Coming afterward in distance (following an antecedent distance as embedded within an adverbial phrase); At some time in the future.(i) See you later; goodbye.
latest: (aj) superlative form of late: most late; Last, final.; Most recent.(av) superlative form of late: most late; At the latest.(n) The most recent thing, particularly information or news.
latex: (n) A clear liquid believed to be a component of a humour or other bodily fluid (esp. plasma and lymph); The milky sap of several trees that coagulates on exposure to air; used to make rubber.; An emulsion of rubber in water, used in adhesives and the like.; Natural latex rubber, especially non-vulcanized rubber, such as is used in making latex gloves, latex condoms, and latex clothing.
LaTeX: (N) A digital typesetting system for mathematical and scientific formulae layout, based on TeX; often stylized as LaTeX.
lath: (n) A thin, narrow strip, fastened to the rafters, studs, or floor beams of a building, for the purpose of supporting a covering of tiles, plastering, etc.(v) to cover or line with laths
lathe: (v) To invite; bid; ask.(n) An administrative division of the county of Kent, in England, from the Anglo-Saxon period until it fell entirely out of use in the early twentieth century.(n) A machine tool used to shape a piece of material, or workpiece, by rotating the workpiece against a cutting tool.; The movable swing frame of a loom, carrying the reed for separating the warp threads and beating up the weft; a lay, or batten.; A granary; a barn.(v) To shape with a lathe.; To produce a three-dimensional model by rotating a set of points around a fixed axis.
lather: (n) The foam made by rapidly stirring soap and water.; Foam from profuse sweating, as of a horse.; A state of agitation.(v) To cover with lather.; To beat or whip.; To form lather or froth, as a horse does when profusely sweating.
lathi: (n) A heavy stick or club, usually used by policemen.; A martial art based on stick fighting originally practiced in India.
laths: (n) plural of lath
lathy: (aj) Like a lath; long and slender.
lati: (n) plural of lat
Latin: (aj) Of or relating to the language spoken in ancient Rome and other cities of Latium which is now rarely used.; Of or relating to the script of the language spoken in ancient Rome and many modern alphabets.; Of or relating to ancient Rome or its Empire.; Of or relating to Latium (modern Lazio), the region around Rome.; Of or relating to the customs and people descended from the ancient Romans and their Empire.; Of or from Latin America or of Latin American culture.; Roman Catholic; of or pertaining to the Roman Rite of the Catholic Church.(N) The language of the ancient Romans, other Latins and of the Roman Catholic church, especially Classical Latin.; The Latin alphabet or writing system.; The nonsense placeholder text (often based on real Latin) used in greeking.(n) A person native to ancient Rome or its Empire.; A person from one of the modern European countries (including Italy, Spain etc.) whose language is descended from Latin.; A person from Latin America.; A person adhering to Roman Catholic practice.; A person native to the ancient region of Latium.(N) A surname, from Middle English.
latina: (n) Alternative letter-case form of Latina
Latina: (n) A Latin American woman. (Compare Latino.)(aj) Of Latin American descent and female.(N) A province of Lazio, Italy.; A town, the provincial capital of Latina, Lazio, Italy.
latish: (aj) Somewhat late(av) Somewhat late
Latium: (N) A region of central Italy in which the city of Rome was founded and grew to be the capital city of the Roman Empire.; Lazio, the corresponding modern region.
latria: (n) the highest form of worship, named adoration, properly given to the triune God alone
latten: (n) An alloy of copper and tin, similar to bronze, with a sufficient portion of tin to make it a pewter-like color with yellowish tinge (rather than the brownish-gold color of bronze of higher copper content), once used in thin sheets and for domestic utensils and light-duty tools.; Sheet tin; iron plate, covered with tin; also, any metal in thin sheets.
latter: (aj) Relating to or being the second of two items.; Near (or nearer) to the end.; In the past, but close (or closer) to the present time.
latters: (n) plural of latter
Latvia: (N) A country in North Eastern Europe. Official name: Republic of Latvia
laud: (n) Praise or glorification.; Hymn of praise.; A prayer service following matins.(v) To praise; to glorify.
lauded: (v) simple past tense and past participle of laud
lauder: (n) One who lauds (communicates high praises); A follower of Archbishop William Laud
Lauder: (N) A small town in the Scottish Borders council area, Scotland (OS grid ref NT5347).; A small community in Manitoba, Canada.; A small community in Central Otago, New Zealand, named after the Scottish town.; A surname.
lauds: (n) plural of laud(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of laud
laugh: (n) An expression of mirth particular to the human species; the sound heard in laughing; laughter.; Something that provokes mirth or scorn.; A fun person.(v) To show mirth, satisfaction, or derision, by peculiar movement of the muscles of the face, particularly of the mouth, causing a lighting up of the face and eyes, and usually accompanied by the emission of explosive or chuckling sounds from the chest and throat; to indulge in laughter.; To be or appear cheerful, pleasant, mirthful, lively, or brilliant; to sparkle; to sport.; To make an object of laughter or ridicule; to make fun of; to deride; to mock.; To affect or influence by means of laughter or ridicule.; To express by, or utter with, laughter.
laughs: (n) plural of laugh(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of laugh
launce: (n) Obsolete form of lance.; sand eel, sand lance, fish of the family Ammodytidae(v) Obsolete form of lance.(n) A balance.
launch: (v) To throw (a projectile such as a lance, dart or ball); to hurl; to propel with force.; To pierce with, or as with, a lance.; To cause (a vessel) to move or slide from the land or a larger vessel into the water; to set afloat.; To cause (a rocket, balloon, etc., or the payload thereof) to begin its flight upward from the ground.; To send out; to start (someone) on a mission or project; to give a start to (something); to put in operation; To start (a program or feature); to execute or bring into operation.; To release; to put onto the market for sale; Of a ship, rocket, balloon, etc.: to depart on a voyage; to take off.; To move with force and swiftness like a sliding from the stocks into the water; to plunge; to begin.; To start to operate.(n) The movement of a vessel from land into the water; especially, the sliding on ways from the stocks on which it is built. (Compare: to splash a ship.); The act or fact of launching (a ship/vessel, a project, a new book, etc.).; An event held to celebrate the launch of a ship/vessel, project, a new book, etc.; a launch party.(n) The boat of the largest size and/or of most importance belonging to a ship of war, and often called the "captain's boat" or "captain's launch".; A boat used to convey guests to and from a yacht.; An open boat of any size powered by steam, petrol, electricity, etc.
laurel: (n) Laurus nobilis, an evergreen shrub having aromatic leaves of a lanceolate shape, with clusters of small, yellowish white flowers in their axils.; A crown of laurel.; Honor, distinction, fame.; Any plant of the family Lauraceae.; Any of various plants of other families that resemble laurels.; An English gold coin made in 1619, and so called because the king's head on it was crowned with laurel.(v) To decorate with laurel, especially with a laurel wreath.; To enwreathe.; To award top honours to.
Laurel: (n) A 16- to 17-year-old participant in the Young Women organization of the LDS Church.(N) A female given name from English from the laurel plant.; A Spanish surname, from Spanish.; A municipality of the Philippines; named for Miguel Laurel.; A neighbourhood of Edmonton, Alberta.; A number of places in the United States:; A ghost town in Santa Cruz County, California.; A number of places in the United States:; A neighborhood of Oakland, California.; A number of places in the United States:; A town in Delaware; named for the laurel bushes growing in the area.; A number of places in the United States:; A census-designated place in Florida.; A number of places in the United States:; A town in Indiana; named for the city in Maryland.; A number of places in the United States:; A city in Iowa; named for the community in Ohio.; A number of places in the United States:; A city in Maryland.; A number of places in the United States:; A city, the county seat of Jones County, Mississippi; named for the laurel thickets in the area.; A number of places in the United States:; A city in Montana; named for the laurel bushes growing in the area.; A number of places in the United States:; A city in Nebraska; named for early settler Laura Martin.; A number of places in the United States:; A hamlet in New York.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Ohio.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Oregon; named for the trees growing in the area, thought to be laurels (later identified as madrones).; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Tennessee.; A number of places in the United States:; A census-designated place in Virginia.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Washington.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in West Virginia.; A number of places in the United States:; A river flowing from Lake, Kentucky into the Cumberland at Corbin, Kentucky.
lava: (n) The molten rock ejected by a volcano from its crater or fissured sides.; Magma.; A shade of red, named after the volcanic lava.
Lava: (N) One of the twin children of the Lord Rāma and his wife Sita in the Ramayana.
lavabo: (n) A ritual involving the washing of one's hands at a church's offertory before handling the Eucharist.; The small towel used to dry the priest's hands following the ritual.; A washbasin, particularly (Christianity) the one in a church used in the ritual.; A trough used for washing at some medieval monasteries.; A lavatory: a room used for urination and defecation.
lavage: (n) A washing.; A washing of a hollow organ.(v) To wash a hollow organ
lavas: (n) plural of lava
lave: (v) To pour or throw out, as water; lade out; bail; bail out.; To draw, as water; drink in.; To give bountifully; lavish.; To run down or gutter, as a candle.; To hang or flap down.; To wash.; To lick.(n) The remainder, rest; that which is left, remnant; others.; A crowd
laved: (v) simple past tense and past participle of lave
laver: (n) A red alga/seaweed, Porphyra umbilicalis (syn. Porphyra laciniata), eaten as a vegetable.; Other seaweeds similar in appearance or use, especially; Porphyra vulgaris(n) One who laves: a washer.; Where one laves, a washroom, particularly a lavatorium, the washing area in a monastery.; That which laves, particularly a washbasin.
Laver: (N) A surname, from Anglo-Norman.
laves: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lave
lavish: (aj) Expending or bestowing profusely; profuse; prodigal.; Superabundant; excessive.; Unrestrained, impetuous.(v) To give out extremely generously; to squander.; To give out to (somebody) extremely generously.(n) Excessive abundance or expenditure, profusion, prodigality.
law: (n) The body of binding rules and regulations, customs, and standards established in a community by its legislative and judicial authorities.

The courts interpret the law but should not make it.; The body of such rules that pertain to a particular topic.; The body of binding rules and regulations, customs, and standards established in a community by its legislative and judicial authorities.

The courts interpret the law but should not make it.; Common law, as contrasted with equity.; A binding regulation or custom established in a community in this way.; A rule, such as:; Any rule that must or should be obeyed, concerning behaviours and their consequences. (Compare mores.); A rule, such as:; A rule or principle regarding the construction of language or art.; A rule, such as:; A statement (in physics, etc) of an (observed, established) order or sequence or relationship of phenomena which is invariable under certain conditions. (Compare theory.); A rule, such as:; A statement (of relation) that is true under specified conditions; a mathematical or logical rule.; A rule, such as:; Any statement of the relation of acts and conditions to their consequences.; A rule, such as:; One of the official rules of cricket as codified by the its (former) governing body, the MCC.; The control and order brought about by the observance of such rules.; A person or group that act(s) with authority to uphold such rules and order (for example, one or more police officers).; The profession that deals with such rules (as lawyers, judges, police officers, etc).; Jurisprudence, the field of knowledge which encompasses these rules.; Litigation, legal action (as a means of maintaining or restoring order, redressing wrongs, etc).; An allowance of distance or time (a head start) given to a weaker (human or animal) competitor in a race, to make the race more fair.; One of two metaphysical forces ruling the world in some fantasy settings, also called order, and opposed to chaos.; An oath sworn before a court, especially disclaiming a debt. (Chiefly in the phrases "wager of law", "wage one's law", "perform one's law", "lose one's law".)(v) To work as a lawyer; to practice law.; To prosecute or sue (someone), to litigate.; To rule over (with a certain effect) by law; govern.; To enforce the law.; To subject to legal restrictions.(n) A tumulus of stones.; A hill.(n) A score; share of expense; legal charge.(i) An exclamation of mild surprise; lawks.
Law: (N) A patronymic surname, from given names.; A male given name Diminutive of Lawrence.(N) A topographic surname, from Old English, perhaps originally meaning someone who lives near a burial mound.; a conical hill; A village in South Lanarkshire council area, Scotland (OS grid ref NS8252).(N) the five Books of Moses, particularly the commandments in it, as well as their specification in the Mishnah and their further interpretation in later religious literature; the commandments in the Books of Moses, seen as transcended by Christ; the commandments and moral principles that are binding for Christians, such as the Decalogue, the teachings of the New Testament, the Church Fathers, etc.
lawest: (adj) plural of law
lawful: (aj) Conforming to, or recognised by the laws of society.; Operating according to some law or fundamental principle.(n) A character having a lawful alignment.
lawman: (n) A lawspeaker: a declarer of the law.; One of 12 magistrates in certain Danish boroughs of England empowered with soc and sac over their own households.; The presiding justice of the supreme court.; A man of the law: a lawyer.; An officer of the law: a law-enforcement officer.
Lawman: (N) A surname.
lawn: (n) An open space between woods.; Ground (generally in front of or around a house) covered with grass kept closely mown.; An overgrown agar culture, such that no separation between single colonies exists.(n) A type of thin linen or cotton.; Pieces of this fabric, especially as used for the sleeves of a bishop.; A piece of clothing made from lawn.
Lawn: (N) A town in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.; An unincorporated community in Pennsylvania, United States.; A town in Texas, United States.; An unincorporated community in West Virginia, United States.
lawning: (v) plural of lawn
lawns: (n) plural of lawn
laws: (n) plural of law(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of law
Laws: (N) A surname.; A diminutive of the male given name Lawrence(N) plural of Law
lawyer: (n) A professional person with a graduate law degree that qualifies for legal work (such as Juris Doctor); A professional person qualified (as by a law degree or bar exam) and authorized to practice law as an attorney-at-law, solicitor, advocate, barrister or equivalent, i.e. represent parties in lawsuits or trials and give legal advice.; A legal layman who argues points of law.; The burbot.; The stem of a bramble.; Any of various plants.(v) To practice law.; To perform, or attempt to perform, the work of a lawyer.; To make legalistic arguments.; To barrage (a person) with questions in order to get them to admit something.
Lawyer: (N) A male given name
lax: (n) A salmon.(aj) Lenient and allowing for deviation; not strict.; Loose; not tight or taut.; Lacking care; neglectful, negligent.; Describing an associative monoidal functor.; Having a looseness of the bowels; diarrheal.(n) Lacrosse.
LAX: (N) Los Angeles International Airport
Lax: (N) A surname.
laxity: (n) The state of being lax; looseness, lack of tension.; Moral looseness; lack of rigorousness or strictness.
lay: (v) To place down in a position of rest, or in a horizontal position.; To cause to subside or abate.; To prepare (a plan, project etc.); to set out, establish (a law, principle).; To install certain building materials, laying one thing on top of another.; To produce and deposit an egg.; To bet (that something is or is not the case).; To deposit (a stake) as a wager; to stake; to risk.; To have sex with.; To take a position; to come or go.; To state; to allege; To point; to aim.; To put the strands of (a rope, a cable, etc.) in their proper places and twist or unite them.; To place and arrange (pages) for a form upon the imposing stone.; To place (new type) properly in the cases.; To apply; to put.; To impose (a burden, punishment, command, tax, etc.).; To impute; to charge; to allege.; To present or offer.; To lie: to rest in a horizontal position on a surface.(n) Arrangement or relationship; layout.; A share of the profits in a business.; A lyrical, narrative poem written in octosyllabic couplets that often deals with tales of adventure and romance.; The direction a rope is twisted.; A casual sexual partner.; An act of sexual intercourse.; A place or activity where someone spends a significant portion of their time.; The laying of eggs.; A layer.; A basis or ground.(n) A lake.(aj) Not belonging to the clergy, but associated with them.; Non-professional; not being a member of an organized institution.; Not trumps.; Not educated or cultivated; ignorant.(v) simple past tense of lie when pertaining to position.; To be in a horizontal position; to lie (from confusion with lie).(n) A ballad or sung poem; a short poem or narrative, usually intended to be sung.(n) A meadow; a lea.(n) A law.; An obligation; a vow.(v) To don or put on (tefillin (phylacteries)).
Lay: (N) A river in western France.; A surname.
layer: (n) A single thickness of some material covering a surface.; An item of clothing worn under or over another.; A (usually) horizontal deposit; a stratum.; One of the items in a hierarchy.; one in a stack of (initially transparent) drawing surfaces that comprise an image; used to keep elements of an image separate so that they can be modified independently from one another.(v) To cut or divide into layers.; To arrange in layers.(n) A person who lays anything, such as tiles or a wager.; A mature female bird, insect, etc. that is able to lay eggs.; A hen kept to lay eggs.; A shoot of a plant, laid underground for growth.
Layer: (N) A surname.
layers: (n) plural of layer(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of layer
Layers: (N) plural of Layer
laying: (v) present participle of lay
layman: (n) Layperson, someone who is not an ordained cleric or member of the clergy.; Someone who is not a professional in a given field.; A common person.; A person who is untrained or lacks knowledge of a subject.; A generally ignorant person.; Lay-sister or lay-brother, person received into a convent of monks, following the vows, but not being member of the order.
Layman: (N) A surname.
laymen: (n) plural of layman
layoff: (n) A dismissal of employees from their jobs because of tightened budgetary constraints or work shortage (not due to poor performance or misconduct).; A period of time when someone is unavailable for work.; A short pass that has been rolled in front of another player for them to kick.; A bet that is laid off, i.e. placed with another bookmaker in order to reduce risk.
layout: (n) A structured arrangement of items within certain limits.; A plan for such arrangement.; The act of laying out something.; The process of arranging editorial content, advertising, graphics and other information to fit within certain constraints.; A map or a drawing of a construction site showing the position of roads, buildings or other constructions.; A specification of an integrated circuit showing the position of the physical components that will implement the schematic in silicon.
lays: (n) plural of lay(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lay
lazar: (n) Synonym of leper: a person suffering from Hansen's disease; a person suffering any contagious disease requiring similar isolation.(aj) Synonym of leprous: afflicted by Hansen's disease; afflicted by any contagious disease requiring similar isolation.
Lazar: (N) A British surname.(N) A Serbian male given name from Serbo-Croatian(N) An Ashkenazi Jewish surname.(n) Alternative letter-case form of lazar
laze: (v) To be lazy, waste time.; To pass time relaxing; to relax, lounge.(n) An instance of lazing.; Laziness.(n) Acidic steam created when super-hot lava contacts salt water.
Laze: (N) A language of the Naish subbranch of the Naic group of languages, spoken in Muli Tibetan Autonomous County western Sichuan, China.
lazily: (av) In a lazy manner.; In a slow manner.
lazuli: (n) Ellipsis of lapis lazuli
lazulis: (n) plural of lazuli
lazy: (aj) Unwilling to do work or make an effort; disinclined to exertion.; Causing or characterised by idleness; relaxed or leisurely.; Showing a lack of effort or care.; Sluggish; slow-moving.; Lax:; Droopy.; Lax:; Of an eye, squinting because of a weakness of the eye muscles.; Turned so that (the letter) is horizontal instead of vertical.; Employing lazy evaluation; not calculating results until they are immediately required.; Wicked; vicious.(v) To laze, act in a lazy manner.(n) A lazy person.; Sloth (animal).
lea: (n) An open field, meadow.(n) Any of several measures of yarn; for linen, 300 yards; for cotton, 120 yards.; A set of warp threads carried by a loop of the heddle.
Lea: (N) A female given name from Hebrew, form of Leah.(N) An English surname, from Middle English, a variant of Lee.(N) A river in Bedfordshire, Hertfordshire, Essex and Greater London, England, also called the Lee, which flows into the River Thames at Poplar.; A village in Dethick, Lea and Holloway parish, Amber Valley borough, Derbyshire, England (OS grid ref SK3257).; A village and civil parish in West Lindsey district, Lincolnshire, England (OS grid ref SK8286).
leach: (n) A quantity of wood ashes, through which water passes, and thus imbibes the alkali.; A tub or vat for leaching ashes, bark, etc.; Alternative spelling of leech.; A jelly-like sweetmeat popular in the fifteenth century.(v) To purge a soluble matter out of something by the action of a percolating fluid.; To part with soluble constituents by percolation.
Leach: (N) A surname, from Old English.; A census-designated place in Delaware County, Oklahoma, United States.; An unincorporated community in Carroll County, Tennessee, United States.
lead: (n) A heavy, pliable, inelastic metal element, having a bright, bluish color, but easily tarnished; both malleable and ductile, though with little tenacity. It is easily fusible, forms alloys with other metals, and is an ingredient of solder and type metal. Atomic number 82, symbol Pb (from Latin plumbum).; A plummet or mass of lead attached to a line, used in sounding depth at sea or (dated) to estimate velocity in knots.; A thin strip of type metal, used to separate lines of type in printing.; Vertical space in advance of a row or between rows of text. Also known as leading.; Sheets or plates of lead used as a covering for roofs.; A roof covered with lead sheets or terne plates.; A thin cylinder of graphite used in pencils.; bullets; ammunition.(v) To cover, fill, or affect with lead.; To place leads between the lines of.(v) To guide or conduct.; To guide or conduct with the hand, or by means of some physical contact connection.; To guide or conduct.; To guide or conduct in a certain course, or to a certain place or end, by making the way known; to show the way, especially by going with or going in advance of, to lead a pupil; to guide somebody somewhere or to bring somebody somewhere by means of instructions.; To guide or conduct.; To conduct or direct with authority; to have direction or charge of; to command, especially a military or business unit.; To guide or conduct.; To guide or conduct oneself in, through, or along (a certain course); hence, to proceed in the way of; to follow the path or course of; to pass; to spend. Also, to cause (one) to proceed or follow in (a certain course).; To guide or conduct, as by accompanying, going before, showing, influencing, directing with authority, etc.; to have precedence or preeminence; to be first or chief; — used in most of the senses of the transitive verb.; To begin, to be ahead.; To go or to be in advance of; to precede; hence, to be foremost or chief among.; To begin, to be ahead.; To lead off or out, to go first; to begin.; To begin, to be ahead.; To be more advanced in technology or business than others.; To begin, to be ahead.; To draw or direct by influence, whether good or bad; to prevail on; to induce; to entice; to allure; To tend or reach in a certain direction, or to a certain place.; To produce (with to).; Misspelling of led.; To live or experience (a particular way of life).(n) The act of leading or conducting; guidance; direction, course; Precedence; advance position; also, the measure of precedence; the state of being ahead in a race; the highest score in a game in an incomplete game.; An insulated metallic wire for electrical devices and equipment.; The situation where a runner steps away from a base while waiting for the pitch to be thrown.; The act or right of playing first in a game or round; the card suit, or piece, so played; The main role in a play or film; the lead role.; The actor who plays the main role; lead actor.; The person in charge of a project or a work shift etc.; A channel of open water in an ice field.; A lode.; The course of a rope from end to end.; A rope, leather strap, or similar device with which to lead an animal; a leash; In a steam engine, the width of port opening which is uncovered by the valve, for the admission or release of steam, at the instant when the piston is at end of its stroke.; The distance of haul, as from a cutting to an embankment.; The action of a tooth, such as a tooth of a wheel, in impelling another tooth or a pallet.; Hypothesis that has not been pursued; Information obtained by a detective or police officer that allows him or her to discover further details about a crime or incident.; Potential opportunity for a sale or transaction, a potential customer.; Information obtained by a news reporter about an issue or subject that allows him or her to discover more details.; The player who throws the first two rocks for a team.; A teaser; a lead-in; the start of a newspaper column, telling who, what, when, where, why and how. (Sometimes spelled as lede for this usage to avoid ambiguity.); An important news story that appears on the front page of a newspaper or at the beginning of a news broadcast; The axial distance a screw thread travels in one revolution. It is equal to the pitch times the number of starts.; In a barbershop quartet, the person who sings the melody, usually the second tenor; The announcement by one voice part of a theme to be repeated by the other parts.; A mark or a short passage in one voice part, as of a canon, serving as a cue for the entrance of others.; The excess above a right angle in the angle between two consecutive cranks, as of a compound engine, on the same shaft.; The angle between the line joining the brushes of a continuous-current dynamo and the diameter symmetrical between the poles.; The advance of the current phase in an alternating circuit beyond that of the electromotive force producing it.(aj) Foremost.; main, principal(v) Misspelling of led.
leaded: (aj) Held in place by strips of lead.; Containing or treated with the element lead.; Containing tetraethyllead.(v) simple past tense and past participle of lead
leaden: (aj) Made of lead.; Pertaining to or resembling lead; grey, heavy, sluggish.; Dull; darkened with overcast.(v) To make or become dull or overcast.
leader: (n) Any person who leads or directs.; One who goes first.; Any person who leads or directs.; One having authority to direct.; Any person who leads or directs.; One who leads a political party or group of elected party members; sometimes used in titles.; Any person who leads or directs.; A person or organization that leads in a certain field in terms of excellence, success, etc.; Any person who leads or directs.; A performer who leads a band, choir, or a section of an orchestra.; Any person who leads or directs.; The first violin in a symphony orchestra; the concertmaster.; An animal that leads.; The dominant animal in a pack of animals, such as wolves or lions.; An animal that leads.; an animal placed in advance of others, especially on a team of horse, oxen, or dogs; An animal that leads.; Either of the two front horses of a team of four in front of a carriage.; Someone or something that leads or conducts.; A fast-growing terminal shoot of a woody plant.; Someone or something that leads or conducts.; A pipe for conducting rain water from a roof to a cistern or to the ground.; Someone or something that leads or conducts.; The first, or the principal, editorial article in a newspaper; a leading or main editorial article; a lead story.; Someone or something that leads or conducts.; A section of line between the main fishing line and the snell of a hook, intended to be more resistant to bites and harder for a fish to detect than the main fishing line.; Someone or something that leads or conducts.; A piece of material at the beginning or end of a reel or roll to allow the material to be threaded or fed onto something, as a reel of film onto a projector or a roll of paper onto a rotary printing press.; Someone or something that leads or conducts.; An intertitle.; Someone or something that leads or conducts.; A loss leader or a popular product sold at a normal price.; Someone or something that leads or conducts.; A type having a dot or short row of dots upon its face.; Someone or something that leads or conducts.; A row of dots, periods, or hyphens, used in tables of contents, etc., to lead the eye across a space to the right word or number.; Someone or something that leads or conducts.; A net for leading fish into a pound, weir, etc.; Someone or something that leads or conducts.; A branch or small vein, not important in itself, but indicating the proximity of a better one.; Someone or something that leads or conducts.; A block of hard wood pierced with suitable holes for leading ropes in their proper places.; Someone or something that leads or conducts.; The drive wheel in any kind of machinery.; Someone or something that leads or conducts.; The path taken by electrons from a cloud to ground level, determining the shape of a bolt of lightning.
Leader: (N) An occupational surname, from occupations for a person who led a horse and cart.; A river in north Canterbury, New Zealand, which joins the (Canterbury) Waiau.
leads: (n) plural of lead(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lead
leaf: (n) The usually green and flat organ that represents the most prominent feature of most vegetative plants.; Anything resembling the leaf of a plant.; A sheet of a book, magazine, etc (consisting of two pages, one on each face of the leaf).; A sheet of any substance beaten or rolled until very thin.; Two pages.; Tea leaves.; A flat section used to extend the size of a table.; A moveable panel, e.g. of a bridge or door, originally one that hinged but now also applied to other forms of movement.; A foliage leaf or any of the many and often considerably different structures it can specialise into.; In a tree, a node that has no descendants.; The layer of fat supporting the kidneys of a pig, leaf fat.; One of the teeth of a pinion, especially when small.; Cannabis.; A Canadian person.(v) To produce leaves; put forth foliage.; To divide (a vegetable) into separate leaves.
Leaf: (N) A surname, from Old English.(n) A Canadian person.
leafy: (aj) covered with leaves; containing much foliage; in the form of leaves (of some material); resembling a leaf; wealthy, middle- or upper-class
league: (n) A group or association of cooperating members.; An organization of sports teams which play against one another for a championship.; Ellipsis of rugby league; A class or type of people or things that are evenly matched or on the same level.; A prefecture-level administrative unit in Inner Mongolia (Chinese: 盟).; An alliance or coalition.(v) To form an association; to unite in a league or confederacy; to combine for mutual support.(n) The distance that a person can walk in one hour, commonly taken to be approximately three English miles (about five kilometers).; A stone erected near a public road to mark the distance of a league.
League: (N) A surname.(N) Ellipsis of League of Nations.
Leah: (N) The elder daughter of Laban, sister to Rachel, and first wife of Jacob.; A female given name from Hebrew.; A surname.
leak: (n) A crack, crevice, fissure, or hole which admits water or other fluid, or lets it escape.; The entrance or escape of a fluid through a crack, fissure, or other aperture.; A divulgation, or disclosure, of information previously held secret.; The person through whom such divulgation, or disclosure, occurs.; A loss of electricity through imperfect insulation, or the point where it occurs.; The gradual loss of a system resource caused by failure to deallocate previously reserved portions.; An act of urination.; To bleed.(v) To allow fluid or gas to pass through an opening that should be sealed.; (of a fluid or gas) To pass through an opening that should be sealed.; To disclose secret information surreptitiously or anonymously.; To pass through when it would normally or preferably be blocked.; To allow anything through that would normally or preferably be blocked.(aj) Leaky.
Leak: (N) A surname.
leaked: (v) simple past tense and past participle of leak(aj) Of a document, etc, produced by a company or organization, intended to be confidential but having been released to the public or the press.
Leakey: (N) A surname.; A small city, the county seat of Real County, Texas, United States.
leaks: (n) plural of leak(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of leak
Leaks: (N) plural of Leak
leaky: (aj) Having leaks; not fully sealed.
leal: (aj) Loyal, honest.; True, genuine.
Leal: (N) A city and village in North Dakota.
lean: (v) To incline, deviate, or bend, from a vertical position; to be in a position thus inclining or deviating.; To incline in opinion or desire; to conform in conduct; often with to, toward, etc.; Followed by against, on, or upon: to rest or rely, for support, comfort, etc.; To hang outwards.; To press against.(n) An inclination away from the vertical.(aj) Slim; not fleshy.; Having little fat.; Having little extra or little to spare; scanty; meagre.; Having a low proportion or concentration of a desired substance or ingredient.; Of a character which prevents the compositor from earning the usual wages; opposed to fat.; Efficient, economic, frugal, agile, slimmed-down; pertaining to the modern industrial principles of "lean manufacturing".(n) Meat with no fat on it.; An organism that is lean in stature.(v) To thin out (a fuel-air mixture): to reduce the fuel flow into the mixture so that there is more air or oxygen.(v) To conceal.(n) A recreational drug based on codeine-laced promethazine cough syrup, popular in the hip hop community in the southeastern United States.
Lean: (N) A surname.
leaned: (v) simple past tense and past participle of lean
leans: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lean(n) A dangerous sensory illusion where the pilot of an aircraft believes themself to be in a bank when they are actually wings-level, or vice-versa, often resulting in spatial disorientation and loss of control of the aircraft.; plural of lean
Leans: (N) plural of Lean
leant: (v) simple past tense and past participle of lean
leap: (v) To jump.; To pass over by a leap or jump.; To copulate with (a female beast); To copulate with (a human); To cause to leap.(n) The act of leaping or jumping.; The distance traversed by a leap or jump.; A group of leopards.; A significant move forward.; A large step in reasoning, often one that is not justified by the facts.; A fault.; Copulation with, or coverture of, a female beast.; A passing from one note to another by an interval, especially by a long one, or by one including several other intermediate intervals.; A salmon ladder.(aj) Intercalary, bissextile.(n) A basket.; A trap or snare for fish, made from twigs; a weely.; Half a bushel.
Leap: (N) A surname.
leaped: (v) simple past tense and past participle of leap
leaper: (n) One who leaps.; A kind of hooked instrument for untwisting old cordage.; A piece, like the knight, which moves a fixed distance, and ignores pieces in the way.; Synonym of jumper (“person who attempts suicide by jumping from a height”); A person whose birthday falls on 29 February, and thus only occurs in leap years.
Leaper: (n) A fan of the television series Quantum Leap.(N) A surname.
leaps: (n) plural of leap
Leaps: (N) plural of Leap
leapt: (v) simple past tense and past participle of leap
lear: (n) Something learned; a lesson.; Learning, lore; doctrine.(v) To teach.; To learn.(n) Alternative form of lehr
Lear: (N) A surname.; The name of a legendary early king of Britain, the central character in Shakespeare's King Lear.; Clipping of Learjet.
learn: (v) To acquire, or attempt to acquire knowledge or an ability to do something.; To attend a course or other educational activity.; To gain knowledge from a bad experience so as to improve.; To study.; To come to know; to become informed of; to find out.(n) The act of learning something(v) To teach.
Learn: (N) A surname, from Scottish Gaelic.
learns: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of learn
Learns: (N) plural of Learn
learnt: (v) simple past tense of learn; past participle of learn
lease: (n) An interest in land granting use or occupation of real estate for a limited period; a leasehold.; The contract or deed under which such an interest is granted.; The document containing such a contract or deed.; The period of such an interest in land.(v) To grant a lease as a landlord; to let.; To hold a lease as a tenant.(v) To gather.; To pick, select, pick out; to pick up.; To glean.; To glean, gather up leavings.(v) To tell lies; tell lies about; slander; calumniate.(n) An open pasture or common.(v) To release; let go; unloose.(n) The place at which the warp-threads cross on a loom.
Lease: (N) A surname.
leased: (v) simple past tense and past participle of lease(aj) Transferred under the terms of a lease.
leases: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lease
Leases: (N) plural of Lease
leash: (n) A strap, cord or rope with which to restrain an animal, often a dog.; A brace and a half; a tierce.; A set of three animals (especially greyhounds, foxes, bucks, and hares;); A group of three; A string with a loop at the end for lifting warp threads, in a loom.; A leg rope.(v) To fasten or secure with a leash.; to curb, restrain
least: (d) The most little; the smallest amount or quantity of something.(av) Used for forming superlatives of adjectives, especially those that do not form the superlative by adding -est.; In the smallest or lowest degree; in a degree below all others.(n) Something of the smallest possible extent; an indivisible unit.(aj) Most little; smallest.(pp) At least.
leave: (v) To have a consequence or remnant.; To cause or allow (something) to remain as available; to refrain from taking (something) away; to stop short of consuming or otherwise depleting (something) entirely.; To have a consequence or remnant.; To cause, to result in.; To have a consequence or remnant.; To put; to place; to deposit; to deliver, with a sense of withdrawing oneself.; To depart; to separate from.; To let be or do without interference.; To depart; to separate from.; To depart from; to end one's connection or affiliation with.; To depart; to separate from.; To end one's membership in (a group); to terminate one's affiliation with (an organization); to stop participating in (a project).; To depart; to separate from.; To depart; to go away from a certain place or state.; To transfer something.; To transfer possession of after death.; To transfer something.; To give (something) to someone; to deliver (something) to a repository; to deposit.; To transfer something.; To transfer responsibility or attention of (something) (to someone); to stop being concerned with.; To remain (behind); to stay.; To stop, desist from; to "leave off" (+ noun / gerund).(n) The action of the batsman not attempting to play at the ball.; The arrangement of balls in play that remains after a shot is made (which determines whether the next shooter — who may be either the same player, or an opponent — has good options, or only poor ones).(n) Permission to be absent; time away from one's work.; Permission.; Farewell, departure.(v) To give leave to; allow; permit; let; grant.(v) To produce leaves or foliage.(v) To raise; to levy.
leaved: (aj) Having a leaf, leaves or folds(v) simple past tense and past participle of leave (in the sense "to produce leaves or foliage")
leaven: (n) Any agent used to make dough rise or to have a similar effect on baked goods.; Anything that induces change, especially a corrupting or vitiating change.(v) To add a leavening agent.; To cause to rise by fermentation.; To temper an action or decision.; To imbue; to infect; to vitiate.; To rise or become larger.
leaves: (n) plural of leaf; plural of leave(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of leave
Leavis: (N) A surname.
lecher: (n) A lecherous person.(v) To practice lewdness.
Lecher: (N) A surname.
lector: (n) A lay person who reads aloud certain religious texts in a church service.; A public lecturer or reader at some universities.; A person who reads aloud to workers to entertain them, appointed by a trade union.; A person doing voice-over translation of foreign films, especially in Eastern European countries.(v) To do a voice-over translation of a film.
led: (v) simple past tense and past participle of lead(aj) Under somebody's control or leadership.; Of a farm, etc.: managed by a deputy instead of the owner or tenant in person.
Leda: (N) The wife of Tyndareus and mother of Helen, Clytemnestra and Castor and Pollux hatched from eggs as a result of a seduction by Zeus in the guise of a swan; A moon of Jupiter.; 38 Leda, a main belt asteroid; not to be confused with the Jovian moon.
ledge: (n) A shelf on which articles may be laid; also, that which resembles such a shelf in form or use, as a projecting ridge or part, or a molding or edge in joinery.; A shelf, ridge, or reef, of rocks.; A layer or stratum.; A lode; a limited mass of rock bearing valuable mineral.; A (door or window) lintel.; A cornice.; A piece of timber to support the deck, placed athwartship between beams.(v) To cause to have, or to develop, a ledge (during mining, canal construction, building, etc).(n) A lege; a legend.(n) A provincial or territorial legislature building.; A provincial or territorial legislative assembly.
ledger: (n) A book for keeping notes; a record book, a register.; A book or other scheme for keeping accounting records.; A distributed ledger, a public financial transaction database, typically using a blockchain.; A collection of accounting entries consisting of credits and debits.; A large, flat stone, especially one laid over a tomb.; A board attached to a wall to provide support for attaching other structural elements (such as deck joists or roof rafters) to a building.; Short for ledger bait (“fishing bait attached to a floating line fastened to the bank of a pond, stream, etc.”) or ledger line (“fishing line used with ledger bait for bottom fishing; ligger”).(v) To record (something) in, or as if in, a ledger.; To use (a certain type of bait) in bottom fishing.; To engage in bottom fishing.
Ledger: (N) A surname.
ledges: (n) plural of ledge
lee: (n) A protected cove or harbor, out of the wind.; The side of the ship away from the wind.; A sheltered place, especially a place protected from the wind by some object; the side sheltered from the wind (see also leeside); shelter; protection.(aj) Facing away from the flow of a fluid, usually air.(n) Lees; dregs.(n) Obsolete form of li (“traditional Chinese unit of distance”).
Lee: (N) An English topographic surname, from Middle English for someone who lived near a meadow (the Anglo-Saxon for meadow being ley or leag).; A unisex given name; A male given name derived from the surname, masculine of Leigh; A unisex given name; A female given name popular in conjoined names such as Lee Ann or Mary Lee.; A placename, for example:; A river in England.; A placename, for example:; A neighborhood near the village of Berrynarbor, Devon, England.; A placename, for example:; A small village in Ilfracombe parish, North Devon district, Devon (OS grid ref SS4846).; A placename, for example:; A suburb of Lewisham borough, London, England.; A placename, for example:; A village in Buckinghamshire, England, commonly known as The Lee.; A placename, for example:; A river in County Cork, Ireland.; A placename, for example:; A former settlement in Inyo County, California, United States.; A placename, for example:; A town in Madison County, Florida, United States.; A placename, for example:; A village in DeKalb County and Lee County, Illinois, United States.; A placename, for example:; An unincorporated community in Monon Township, White County, Indiana, United States.; A placename, for example:; A town in Penobscot County, Maine, United States.; A placename, for example:; A town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States.; A placename, for example:; An unincorporated community in Elko County, Nevada, United States.; A placename, for example:; A town in Strafford County, New Hampshire, United States.; A placename, for example:; A town and village in Oneida County, New York, United States.(N) A surname, from Chinese.(N) A surname, from Korean of Korean origin. Alternative form of Rhee (Hanja: 李; Hangul: 이 & 리)(N) A male nickname for names such as Leo and Leroy
leech: (n) An aquatic blood-sucking annelid of class Hirudinea, especially Hirudo medicinalis.; A person who derives profit from others in a parasitic fashion.; A glass tube designed for drawing blood from damaged tissue by means of a vacuum.(v) To apply a leech medicinally, so that it sucks blood from the patient.; To drain (resources) without giving back.(n) A physician.; A healer.(v) To treat, cure or heal.(n) The vertical edge of a square sail.; The aft edge of a triangular sail.
Leech: (N) A surname, from occupations, derived from the profession leech, a former word for a physician.
leed: (n) Language; tongue.; A national tongue (in contrast to a foreign language).; The speech of a person or class of persons; form of speech; talk; utterance; manner of speaking or writing; phraseology; diction.(n) A strain in a rhyme, song, or poem; refrain; flow.; A constant or repeated line or verse; theme.; Patter; rigmarole.(n) Alternative spelling of lede (“a man; a person”)(v) Obsolete spelling of lead (“to guide”).
leeds: (n) plural of leed
Leeds: (N) A large city and metropolitan borough of West Yorkshire, England.; A village and civil parish of Maidstone borough, Kent, England, the site of Leeds Castle.; A city in Jefferson County, St. Clair County and Shelby County, Alabama, United States.; A town in Androscoggin County, Maine, United States.; A village in the city of Northampton, Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States.; A neighborhood of Kansas City, Jackson County, Missouri, United States.; A hamlet and census-designated place in Greene County, New York, United States.; A tiny city in Benson County, North Dakota, United States.; A small town in Washington County, Utah, United States.; A small town and unincorporated community in Columbia County, Wisconsin, United States.
leeing: (v) plural of lee
leek: (n) The vegetable Allium ampeloprasum var. porrum, having edible leaves and an onion-like bulb but with a milder flavour than the onion.; Any of several species of Allium, broadly resembling the domesticated plant in appearance in the wild.
Leek: (N) A town in Staffordshire, England.
leeks: (n) plural of leek
leer: (v) To look sideways or obliquely; now especially with sexual desire or malicious intent.; To entice with a leer or leers.(n) A significant side glance; a glance expressive of some passion, as malignity, amorousness, etc.; a sly or lecherous look.; An arch or affected glance or cast of countenance.(n) The cheek.; The face.; One's appearance; countenance.; Complexion; hue; colour.; Flesh; skin.; The flank or loin.(aj) Empty; unoccupied; clear.; Destitute; lacking; wanting.; Faint from lack of food; hungry.; Thin; faint.; Having no load or burden; free; without a rider.; Lacking sense or seriousness; trifling; frivolous.(v) To teach.; To learn.(n) Alternative form of lehr
leered: (v) simple past tense and past participle of leer
leery: (aj) Cautious, suspicious, wary, hesitant, or nervous about something; having reservations or concerns.
lees: (n) The sediment that settles during fermentation of beverages, consisting of dead yeast and precipitated parts of the fruit.(n) plural of lee
Lees: (N) A surname.; A village in South Derbyshire district, Derbyshire, England (OS grid ref SK2637).; A village in the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham, Greater Manchester, England (OS grid ref SD9504).
leet: (n) A portion or list, especially a list of candidates for an office; also the candidates themselves.(v) simple past tense of let(n) A regular court, more specifically a court-leet, in which certain lords had jurisdiction over local disputes, or the physical area of this jurisdiction.(n) The European pollock.(n) A place where roads meet or cross; intersection; Alternative form of leat (“watercourse”)(aj) Of or relating to leetspeak.; Possessing outstanding skill in a field; expert, masterful.; Having superior social rank over others; upper class, elite.; Awesome, typically to describe a feat of skill; cool, sweet.
Leet: (N) A surname, from Old English.
leetle: (aj) Pronunciation spelling of little.
leeway: (n) The drift of a ship or aeroplane in a leeward direction.; A varying degree or amount of freedom or flexibility.; An adverse discrepancy or variation in a cumulative process, usually in the phrase make up leeway.
left: (aj) Designating the side of the body toward the west when one is facing north; the opposite of right.; Pertaining to the political left.(av) On the left side.; Towards the left side.; Towards the political left.(n) The left side or direction.; The left-wing political parties as a group; citizens holding left-wing views as a group.; The left hand or fist.; A punch delivered with the left fist.; A wave breaking from left to right (viewed from the shore).(v) simple past tense and past participle of leave (“depart, separate from; (cause or allow to) remain”).(v) simple past tense and past participle of leave (“permit”).
lefty: (n) One who is left-handed.; One who has left-wing political views.; One's left testicle.(aj) Left-handed.; Intended for left-handed use.; Left-wing.
leg: (n) A limb or appendage that an animal uses for support or locomotion on land.; In humans, the lower limb extending from the groin to the ankle.; The portion of the lower limb of a human that extends from the knee to the ankle.; A part of garment, such as a pair of trousers/pants, that covers a leg.; A rod-like protrusion from an inanimate object, such as a piece of furniture, supporting it from underneath.; Something that supports.; A stage of a journey, race etc.; A distance that a sailing vessel does without changing the sails from one side to the other.; One side of a multiple-sided (often triangular) course in a sailing race.; A single game or match played in a tournament or other sporting contest.; One of the two sides of a right triangle that is not the hypotenuse.; One of the branches of a hyperbola or other curve which extend outward indefinitely.; The ability of something to persist or succeed over a long period of time.; A disreputable sporting character; a blackleg.; An extension of a steam boiler downward, in the form of a narrow space between vertical plates, sometimes nearly surrounding the furnace and ash pit, and serving to support the boiler; called also water leg.; In a grain elevator, the case containing the lower part of the belt which carries the buckets.; Denotes the half of the field on the same side as the batsman's legs; the left side for a right-handed batsman.; A branch or lateral circuit connecting an instrument with the main line.; A branch circuit; one phase of a polyphase system.; An underlying instrument of a derivatives strategy.; An army soldier assigned to a paratrooper unit who has not yet been qualified as a paratrooper.; A gesture of submission; a bow or curtsey. Chiefly in phrase make a leg.; A column, as a unit of length of text as laid out.(v) To remove the legs from an animal carcass.; To build legs onto a platform or stage for support.; To put a series of three or more options strikes into the stock market.; To apply force using the leg (as in 'to leg a horse').(n) Alternative spelling of leg.(aj) Alternative spelling of leg.
legacy: (n) Money or property bequeathed to someone in a will.; Something inherited from a predecessor or the past.; The descendant of an alumnus.(aj) Left over from the past; no longer current.
legal: (aj) Relating to the law or to lawyers.; Having its basis in the law.; Being allowed or prescribed by law.; Above the age of consent or the legal drinking age.; (of paper or document layouts) Measuring 8½ in × 14 in (215.9 mm × 355.6 mm) (also legal-size).(n) The legal department of a company.; Paper in sheets 8½ in × 14 in (215.9 mm × 355.6 mm).; A spy who is attached to, and ostensibly employed by, an embassy, military outpost, etc.; Somebody who immigrated lawfully.
Legal: (N) A town in Alberta, Canada
legate: (n) A deputy representing the pope, specifically a papal ambassador sent on special ecclesiastical missions.; An ambassador or messenger.; The deputy of a provincial governor or general in ancient Rome.(v) To leave as a legacy.
Legate: (N) A surname.
legato: (av) Smoothly, in a connected manner.(n) A style of performance characterized by smoothly connected notes.; A passage that is played legato.
legend: (n) An unrealistic story depicting past events.; A story of unknown origin describing plausible but extraordinary past events.; An unrealistic story depicting past events.; A plausible story set in the historical past, but whose historicity is uncertain.; An unrealistic story depicting past events.; A story in which a kernel of truth is embellished to an unlikely degree.; An unrealistic story depicting past events.; A fabricated backstory for a spy, with associated documents and records.; A person related to a legend or legends.; A leading protagonist in a historical legend.; A person related to a legend or legends.; A person with legend-like qualities, such as extraordinary accomplishment.; A key to the symbols and color codes on a map, chart, etc.; An inscription, motto, or title, especially one surrounding the field in a medal or coin, or placed upon a heraldic shield or beneath an engraving or illustration.; A musical composition set to a poetical story.; The design and specification of a vessel.(v) To tell or narrate; to recount.
Legend: (N) A male given name
leger: (aj) Light; slender, slim; trivial.(aj) Lying or remaining in a place; hence, resident.(n) An ambassador or minister resident at a court or seat of government; a leiger or lieger.; Anything that lies in a place; that which, or one who, remains in a place.; Alternative form of ledger (“book for keeping notes, especially one for keeping accounting records”)(v) Alternative form of ledger (“to use (a certain type of bait) in bottom fishing; to engage in bottom fishing”)
Leger: (N) A surname.
leges: (n) plural of lex
legge: (n) Obsolete spelling of leg
Legge: (N) A surname.
legged: (aj) Having legs, or a certain type or number of legs(n) Someone or something having a certain number or type of legs(v) simple past tense and past participle of leg
legges: (n) plural of legge
leggy: (aj) Having long, attractive legs; long-legged.; Exposing the bare or pantyhose-clad legs, especially the thighs.; Having numerous legs.; Taller or longer than usual.
legion: (aj) Numerous; vast; very great in number(n) The major unit or division of the Roman army, usually comprising 3000 to 6000 infantry soldiers and 100 to 200 cavalry troops.; A combined arms major military unit featuring cavalry, infantry, and artillery, including historical units such as the British Legion, and present-day units such as the Spanish Legion and the French Foreign Legion.; A large military or semi-military unit trained for combat; any military force; an army, regiment; an armed, organized and assembled militia.; A national organization or association of former servicemen, such as the American Legion.; A large number of people; a multitude.; A great number.; A group of orders inferior to a class; in scientific classification, a term occasionally used to express an assemblage of objects intermediate between an order and a class.(v) To form into legions.
Legion: (N) Ellipsis of American Legion
legist: (n) One skilled in the law.; A writer on law, a legislator, a lawmaker
legit: (n) A legitimate; a legitimate actor.; A legitimate child.(aj) Legitimate; legal; allowed by the rules; valid.; Genuine, actual, literal or honest.; Genuinely good and possessing all the required or expected qualities; the real deal.; Cool by virtue of being genuine.(av) Legitimately; within the law.; Honestly; truly; seriously.
legman: (n) A person hired to carry out errands or (often) menial tasks, frequently requiring travel from place to place; an errand boy or errand girl, a runner.; A reporter who frequently travels to conduct research, interview witnesses, etc., and then conveys the information to a rewriteman who writes up the story.
Legman: (N) A surname.
legs: (n) plural of leg; eleven; Viscous streaks left on the inside of the glass when certain wines are swirled around before tasting.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of leg
legume: (n) The fruit or seed of leguminous plants (as peas or beans) used for food.; Any of a large family (Fabaceae, syn. Leguminosae) of dicotyledonous herbs, shrubs, and trees having fruits that are legumes or loments, bearing nodules on the roots that contain nitrogen-fixing bacteria, and including important food and forage plants (as peas, beans, or clovers).; A pod dehiscent into two pieces or valves, and having the seed attached at one suture, as that of the pea.
lehr: (n) A long oven or kiln, often having a moving belt, used for annealing glass.
Lehr: (N) A surname.; A city in North Dakota.
lei: (n) A garland of flowers in Hawaii.(n) plural of leu
Lei: (N) A surname, from Chinese.
Leiden: (N) A city in South Holland, Netherlands, on the Old Rhine, seat of a famous Dutch university.
leigh: (n) A meadow.
Leigh: (N) A surname, from Middle English, variant of Lee.; A unisex given name transferred from the surname.; A female given name, female equivalent of Lee; A placename; A town in the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan, Greater Manchester, England.; A placename; A village in Dorset, England.; A placename; The Leigh, a hamlet and civil parish in Tewkesbury borough, Gloucestershire, England (OS grid ref SO8626).; A placename; A village and civil parish in Sevenoaks district, Kent, England (OS grid ref TQ5446).; A placename; A civil parish in East Staffordshire district, Staffordshire, England, which includes Church Leigh, Lower Leigh and Upper Leigh.; A placename; A village in Surrey, England.; A placename; A village in Wiltshire, England.; A placename; A small village and civil parish (served by Leigh and Bransford Parish Council) in Malvern Hills district, Worcestershire, England (OS grid ref SO7853).
leis: (n) plural of lei
Leis: (N) plural of Lei
Leith: (N) A port and urban area within Edinburgh council area, Scotland.; A minor river in Cumbria, England, which flows into the River Lyvennet, a tributary of the Eden.; A city and hamlet in North Dakota.
lek: (n) An aggregation of male animals for the purposes of courtship and display.(v) To take part in the courtship and display behaviour of a lek.; To play.(n) The currency unit of Albania, divided into 100 qindarka.
Lek: (N) A river, the northern arm of the River Rhine, in the Netherlands.
LEM: (n) Originally Lunar Excursion Module, latterly Lunar Module.; Law of excluded middle.
Lem: (N) A surname.
leman: (n) One beloved; a lover, a sweetheart of either sex (especially a secret lover, gallant, or mistress).; A paramour.
Leman: (N) A surname.
lemma: (n) A proposition proved or accepted for immediate use in the proof of some other proposition.; The canonical form of an inflected word; i.e., the form usually found as the headword in a dictionary, such as the nominative singular of a noun, the bare infinitive of a verb, etc.; The theoretical abstract conceptual form of a word, representing a specific meaning, before the creation of a specific phonological form as the sounds of a lexeme, which may find representation in a specific written form as a dictionary or lexicographic word.(n) The outer shell of a fruit or similar body.; One of the specialized bracts around the floret in grasses.
Lemma: (N) A female given name
Lemnos: (N) An island in northeastern Greece located in the Aegean Sea.
lemon: (n) A yellowish citrus fruit.; A semitropical evergreen tree, Citrus limon, that bears such fruits.; A taste or flavour/flavor of lemons.; A more or less bright shade of yellow associated with lemon fruits.; A defective or inadequate item or individual.; Favor.; A piece of fanfiction involving explicit sex.(aj) Containing or having the flavour/flavor and/or scent of lemons.; Of the pale yellow colour/color of lemons.; Smart; cheeky, vocal.(v) To flavour with lemon.
Lemon: (N) A surname.
lemons: (n) plural of lemon(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lemon
lemur: (n) Any strepsirrhine primate of the infraorder Lemuriformes, superfamily Lemuroidea, native only to Madagascar and some surrounding islands.; Any of the genus Lemur, represented by the ring-tailed lemur (Lemur catta).
Len: (N) A diminutive of the male given name Leonard.
lend: (v) To allow to be used by someone temporarily, on condition that it or its equivalent will be returned.; To make a loan.; To be suitable or applicable, to fit.; To afford; to grant or furnish in general.; To borrow.(n) Loan (permission to borrow (something)).(n) The lumbar region; loin.; The loins; flank; buttocks.
lender: (n) One who lends, especially money; specifically, a bank or other entity that specializes in granting loans.
Lender: (N) A surname, from German.
lends: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lend
length: (n) The distance measured along the longest dimension of an object.; Duration.; The length of a horse, used to indicate the distance between horses at the end of a race.; Distance between the two ends of a line segment.; The distance down the pitch that the ball bounces on its way to the batsman.; Total extent.; Part of something that is long; a physical piece of something.; A unit of script length, comprising 42 lines.(v) To lengthen.
Lenin: (N) Vladimir Ilyich Lenin, a Russian revolutionary and politician.
lenis: (aj) Weakly articulated (of a consonant), hence voiced; especially as compared to the others of a group of homorganic consonants.(n) A lenis consonant.
Lenis: (N) A surname.
lenity: (n) leniency, mercy, forgiveness
leno: (n) A type of weave used to make light, open cotton fabric used for window curtains.
Leno: (N) A surname.
lens: (n) An object, usually made of glass, that focuses or defocuses the light that passes through it.; A device which focuses or defocuses electron beams.; A convex shape bounded by two circular arcs, joined at their endpoints, the corresponding concave shape being a lune.; A genus of the legume family; its bean.; The transparent crystalline structure in the eye.; A body of rock, ice, or water shaped like a convex lens.; A construct used in statically-typed functional programming languages to access nested data structures.; A way of looking, literally or figuratively, at something.(v) To film, shoot.; To become thinner towards the edges.
Lens: (N) A municipality in Hainaut, Belgium.; A commune in Pas-de-Calais department, Hauts-de-France, France.; A municipality in Valais canton, Switzerland.
lenses: (n) plural of lens(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lens
lent: (n) Alternative letter-case form of Lent(v) simple past tense and past participle of lend
Lent: (n) A period of the ecclesiastical year preceding Easter, traditionally involving temporary abstention from certain foods and pleasures.; The 40 days preceding Lazarus Saturday, the Saturday preceding Holy Week.; A period of the ecclesiastical year preceding Easter, traditionally involving temporary abstention from certain foods and pleasures.; The 46 days preceding Easter, reckoned as 40 days by excluding Sundays.; Ellipsis of Lent term(N) A surname.
Lenten: (aj) Pertaining to Lent; taking place during Lent.; Appropriate to Lent; meagre, sombre.
lenti: (n) plural of lento
lentic: (aj) Of or pertaining to, or living in still waters (such as lakes, ponds, or wetlands).
lentil: (n) Any of several plants of the genus Lens, especially Lens culinaris, from southwest Asia, that have edible, lens-shaped seeds within flattened pods.; The seed of these plants, used as food.
lento: (aj) Slow (45–60 bpm).(n) A tempo mark directing that a passage is to be played very slowly.
Lento: (N) A surname, from Italian.
Leo: (N) A male given name from Latin, borne by numerous saints and 13 popes.; A surname.(n) Someone with a Leo star sign; A Leonberger
Leon: (N) A male given name from Latin, a Greek form of Leo, or Anglicized from the French Léon or Spanish León.
Leonid: (n) Any meteor of a meteor shower that appears to radiate from the constellation Leo in November.(N) A male given name, a transliteration of a common East Slavic name (notably that of the first two Ukrainian presidents, Leonid Kravchuk and Leonid Kuchma, as well as Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev).
leper: (n) A person who has leprosy, a person suffering from Hansen's disease.; Synonym of outcast: A person who is shunned, a pariah.(v) To afflict with leprosy.; Synonym of infect.; Synonym of disfigure.; Synonym of taint.; Synonym of ostracize.
lepers: (n) plural of leper(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of leper
lepton: (n) A coin used since ancient times in Greece, serving in modern times as one hundredth of a phoenix, a drachma, and a euro (as the Greek form of the Eurocent).; A small, bronze Judean coin from the 1st century B.C.E., considered by some to be the widow's mite.(n) An elementary particle that has a spin of 1/2 (i.e., is a fermion) and does not interact via the strong nuclear force; examples include the electron, the muon, the neutrino and the tauon.
Lepus: (N) A winter constellation of the northern sky, said to resemble a rabbit. It lies south of the constellation Orion.
les: (n) Clipping of lesbian.(aj) Clipping of lesbian.
Les: (N) A diminutive of the male given names Lester or Leslie.; A diminutive of the female given name Leslie.
Lesbos: (N) An island in Greece, in the northeastern Aegean Sea.
lesion: (n) A wound or injury.; An infected or otherwise injured or diseased organ or part, especially such on a patch of skin.; Any compound formed from damage to a nucleic acid.; Injury or an unfair imbalance in a commutative contract wherein the consideration is less than half of the market value, which then serves as a basis for the injured party to sue to rescind the agreement.(v) To wound or injure, especially in an experiment or other controlled procedure.
less: (av) comparative degree of little; Used for forming comparatives of adjectives.; To a smaller extent or degree.(d) comparative form of little: more little; of inferior size, degree or extent; smaller, lesser.; A smaller amount of; not as much.; Fewer; a smaller number of.(p) Minus; not including(v) To make less; to lessen.(aj) Lesser; smaller.(n) A smaller amount or quantity.(c) unless
lessee: (n) An individual or a corporation who has the right of use of something of value, gained through a lease agreement with the real owner of the property.; The entity to whom a lease is given, or who takes an estate by lease.; Someone who is allowed to use a house, building, land etc. for a period of time in return for payment to the owner.(v) Pronunciation spelling of let's see.
lessen: (v) To make less; to diminish; to reduce.; To become less.(c) unless.
lesser: (aj) comparative form of little: more little; Of two (or, rarely, more than two) things: the smaller in size (littler), in value, in importance etc.(n) a thing that is of smaller size, value, importance etc.
Lesser: (N) A surname.
lesson: (v) To instruct to teach.(n) A section of learning or teaching into which a wider learning content is divided.; A learning task assigned to a student; homework.; Something learned or to be learned.; Something that serves as a warning or encouragement.; A section of the Bible or other religious text read as part of a divine service.; A severe lecture; reproof; rebuke; warning.; An exercise; a composition serving an educational purpose; a study.(v) To give a lesson to; to teach.
lessor: (n) The owner of property that is leased; the landlord to a lease.
lest: (c) For fear that; that not; in order to prevent something from happening; in case.; that (without the negative particle; introduces the reason for an emotion.)
lested: (v) plural of lest
lesting: (v) plural of lest
lests: (v) plural of lest
let: (v) To allow to, not to prevent (+ infinitive, but usually without to).; To leave.; To allow the release of (a fluid).; To allow possession of (a property etc.) in exchange for rent.; To give, grant, or assign, as a work, privilege, or contract; often with out.; Used to introduce an imperative in the first or third person.; To cause (+ bare infinitive).(n) The allowing of possession of a property etc. in exchange for rent.(v) To hinder, prevent, impede, hamper, cumber; to obstruct (someone or something).; To prevent someone from doing something; also to prevent something from happening.; To tarry or delay.(n) An obstacle or hindrance.; The hindrance caused by the net during serve, only if the ball falls legally.
letch: (n) Strong desire; passion.; A lecher.(n) A stream or pool in boggy land.(n) Alternative form of leach(v) Alternative form of leach
lethal: (aj) Of, pertaining to, or causing death; deadly; mortal; fatal.(n) Any weapon that causes death.; An allele that causes the death of the organism that carries it.(n) One of the higher alcohols of the paraffine series obtained from spermaceti as a white crystalline solid.
lethe: (n) Forgetfulness of the past; oblivion.; Dissimulation(n) Death.
Lethe: (N) The personification of oblivion, daughter of Eris.; The river which flows through Hades from which the souls of the dead drank so that they would forget their time on Earth.
Leto: (N) Leto, in Greek mythology, the mother of Apollo and Artemis.; 68 Leto, An asteroid in Asteroid Belt, Solar System; A surname.
lets: (n) plural of let(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of let; Misspelling of let's.
lett: (v) Archaic form of let
Lett: (n) Latvian(aj) Latvian
letter: (n) A symbol in an alphabet.; A written or printed communication, generally longer and more formal than a note.; The literal meaning of something, as distinguished from its intended and remoter meaning (the spirit).; Literature.; A division unit of a piece of law marked by a letter of the alphabet.; A size of paper, 8½ in × 11 in (215.9 mm × 279.4 mm, US paper sizes rounded to the nearest 5 mm).; A size of paper, 215 mm × 280 mm.; Clipping of varsity letter.; A single type; type, collectively; a style of type.(v) To print, inscribe, or paint letters on something.; To earn a varsity letter (award).(n) One who lets, or lets out.; One who retards or hinders.
lettre: (n) Obsolete form of letter.
letup: (n) A pause or period of slackening.
leu: (n) The unit of currency of Romania, equal to one hundred bani.; The unit of currency of Moldova, equal to one hundred bani.
lev: (n) The currency of Bulgaria, divided into 100 stotinki
leva: (n) plural of lev
Leva: (N) A surname.
levant: (n) A disappearing or absconding after losing a bet.(v) To abscond or run away, especially to avoid paying money or debts.(aj) Rising, of an animal.; Rising or having risen from rest; said of cattle.; Eastern.
Levant: (N) The countries bordering the eastern Mediterranean Sea, namely Syria, Lebanon, Israel, Palestine, Jordan and Cyprus (and sometimes, especially in a historical context, also including Turkey and Egypt, then part of the Ottoman Empire).; An easterly wind, generally in the western Mediterranean Sea
levas: (n) plural of lev
levee: (n) An embankment to prevent inundation; as, the levees along the Mississippi.; The steep bank of a river.; The border of an irrigated field.; A pier or other landing place on a river.(v) To keep within a channel by means of levees.(n) The act of rising; getting up, especially in the morning after rest.; A reception of visitors held after getting up.; A formal reception, especially one given by royalty or other leaders.(v) To attend the levee or levees of.
level: (aj) The same height at all places; parallel to a flat ground.; At the same height as some reference; constructed as level with.; Unvaried in frequency.; Unvaried in volume.; Calm.; In the same position or rank.; Straightforward; direct; clear.; Well balanced; even; just; steady; impartial.; Of even tone; without rising or falling inflection; monotonic.; Perpendicular to a gravitational force.(n) A tool for finding whether a surface is level, or for creating a horizontal or vertical line of reference.(v) To adjust so as to make as flat or perpendicular to the ground as possible.; To destroy by reducing to ground level; to raze.; To progress to the next level.; To aim or direct (a weapon, a stare, an accusation, etc).; To direct or impose (a penalty, fine, etc) at or upon (someone).; To make the score of a game equal.; To bring to a common level or plane, in respect of rank, condition, character, privilege, etc.; To adjust or adapt to a certain level.; To speak honestly and openly with.
Level: (N) A surname, from French.
levels: (n) plural of level(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of level
Levels: (N) plural of Level
leven: (n) Alternative spelling of levin (“lightning”).(v) Alternative spelling of leaven
Leven: (N) A coastal town in Fife council area, Scotland (OS grid ref NO3800).; A village in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England (OS grid ref TA1045).; A short river in Dunbartonshire, Scotland, which flows from Loch Lomond to the Firth of Clyde.; A river in Perth and Kinross and Fife, Scotland, which flows from Loch Leven to the Firth of Forth at the town of Leven.; A short river in Cumbria, England, which flows from Lake Windermere to Morecambe Bay on the Irish Sea.; A river in North Yorkshire, England, which flows into the River Tees.; a Scottish earldom.(N) A surname.
lever: (n) A rigid piece which is capable of turning about one point, or axis (the fulcrum), and in which are two or more other points where forces are applied; — used for transmitting and modifying force and motion.; Specifically, a bar of metal, wood or other rigid substance, used to exert a pressure, or sustain a weight, at one point of its length, by receiving a force or power at a second, and turning at a third on a fixed point called a fulcrum. It is usually named as the first of the six mechanical powers, and is of three kinds, according as either the fulcrum F, the weight W, or the power P, respectively, is situated between the other two, as in the figures.; A small such piece to trigger or control a mechanical device (like a button).; A bar, as a capstan bar, applied to a rotatory piece to turn it.; An arm on a rock shaft, to give motion to the shaft or to obtain motion from it.; A crowbar.(v) To move with a lever.; To use, operate or move (something) like a lever (physically).; To use (something) like a lever (in an abstract sense).; To increase the share of debt in the capitalization of a business.(av) Rather.(n) A levee.
Lever: (N) A surname.
levers: (n) plural of lever(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lever
Levers: (N) plural of Lever
Levi: (N) The third son of Jacob, by his wife Leah.; One of the Biblical tribes of Israelites, descended from Levi; the tribe from which priests were selected.; A male given name from Hebrew.; A Jewish surname, from Hebrew.
levied: (v) simple past tense and past participle of levy
levies: (n) plural of levy(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of levy
levin: (n) Lightning; a bolt of lightning; also, a bright flame or light.
Levin: (N) A surname, from Hebrew.; A male given name.; A town in the Manawatu-Wanganui region of New Zealand. Named after William Levin.
Levis: (n) descendants of the Israelite tribe of Levi; Levites; Alternative spelling of Levi's
Levite: (n) A member of the Hebrew tribe of Levi.; A clergyman.; A type of loose women's dress.
levity: (n) Lightness of manner or speech, frivolity; lack of appropriate seriousness; inclination to make a joke of serious matters.; Lack of steadiness.; The state or quality of being light, buoyancy.; A lighthearted or frivolous act.
levy: (v) To impose (a tax or fine) to collect monies due, or to confiscate property.; To raise or collect by assessment; to exact by authority.; To draft someone into military service.; To raise; to collect; said of troops, to form into an army by enrollment, conscription. etc.; To wage war.; To raise, as a siege.; To erect, build, or set up; to make or construct; to raise or cast up.(n) The act of levying.; The tax, property or people so levied.(n) The Spanish real of one eighth of a dollar, valued at elevenpence when the dollar was rated at seven shillings and sixpence.
Levy: (N) A surname, from Irish.; A Jewish surname, from Hebrew.; A male given name
lewd: (aj) Lascivious, sexually promiscuous, rude.; Lay; not clerical.; Uneducated.; Vulgar, common; typical of the lower orders.; Base, vile, reprehensible.(n) A sexually suggestive image, particularly one which does not involve full nudity.(v) To express lust; to behave in a lewd manner.(v) Alternative form of lude (“take the drug quaalude”)
Lewes: (N) A surname.; A town in East Sussex, England; A local government district in East Sussex formed in 1974, with its headquarters in the town; A city in Delaware; A community in Prince Edward Island, Canada
lewis: (n) A cramp iron inserted into a cavity in order to lift heavy stones; used as a symbol of strength in Freemasonry.; The son of a Freemason, envisaged as assisting his father in heavy work or in old age.; A kind of shears used in cropping woollen cloth.
Lewis: (N) A male given name from Frankish; A surname.; An English patronymic surname, from given names.; A surname.; An Irish patronymic surname, from Irish, an anglicization of Lobhaois, itself from Old French Louis.; A surname.; A Welsh patronymic surname, from Welsh, an adopted anglicization of Llywelyn.; The title given to a partially apprenticed Freemason who is normally the Master or Son of a practicing Freemason; one practising or learning the degrees of Freemasonry after introduction to the degrees and before full induction or before becoming a Worshipful Brother.(N) Ellipsis of Isle of Lewis; an island in Scotland, United Kingdom.(N) A locale in the United States:; A census-designated place in Montezuma County, Colorado.; A locale in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Vigo County, Indiana.; A locale in the United States:; A minor city in Cass County, Iowa.; A locale in the United States:; A minor city in Edwards County, Kansas; named for journalist M. M. Lewis.; A locale in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Henry County, Missouri; named for landowner Howell Lewis.; A locale in the United States:; A town in Essex County, New York; named for Morgan Lewis, 3rd Governor of New York.; A locale in the United States:; A town in Lewis County, New York; named for its county, itself for Morgan Lewis.; A locale in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Granville County, North Carolina.; A locale in the United States:; A town in Essex County, Vermont; named for landowners Nathan, Sevignior and Timothy Lewis.; A locale in the United States:; A census-designated place in Clam Falls, Polk County, Wisconsin; named for founder Charles E. Lewis.; A locale in the United States:; A ghost town in California.
lex: (v) To perform lexical analysis; to convert a character stream to a token stream as a preliminary to parsing.(n) A specific inflected form of a word; compare lexeme.
Lex: (N) Lexington.; A pet form of the male given name Alexander.; A pet form of the female given names Alexandra, Alexia, and Alexis.
lexeme: (n) A unit of lexical meaning, roughly corresponding to the set of inflected forms taken by a single word.; An individual instance of a continuous character sequence without spaces, used in lexical analysis (see token).
lexis: (n) The set of all words and phrases in a language; any unified subset of words from a particular language.; Words, collocations, and common phrases in a language; vocabulary and word combinations.; The vocabulary used by a writer
ley: (n) Alternative spelling of lea; A ley line.(aj) Fallow; unseeded.; Rotated to pasture instead of cropping.(n) Archaic form of lye.(n) Law.
Ley: (N) A surname.(N) A commune of the Moselle department, Lorraine, Grand Est, France
Leyden: (N) Archaic spelling of Leiden.; An unincorporated community near Arvada, Colorado, United States.; A town in Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States.; A town in Lewis County, New York, United States.; An unincorporated community in Rock County, Wisconsin, United States.; A surname.
Lhasa: (N) The capital city of Tibet, China.
li: (n) The Chinese mile, a traditional unit of distance equal to 1500 chis or 150 zhangs, now standardized as a half-kilometer (500 meters).; The Korean mile, a traditional unit of distance equivalent to about 393 m.(n) A traditional Chinese unit of weight, equal to one-thousandth of a liang, or fifty milligrams.(n) A meaningful ceremony or ritual; etiquette, behaviour.(n) An ancient Chinese cauldron having three hollow legs.(n) In solfège, the raised sixth note of a major scale (the note A-sharp in the fixed-do system).
Li: (N) A surname, from Chinese of Chinese origin(N) A surname, from Chinese of Chinese origin(N) A surname, from Chinese of Chinese origin(N) A county of Longnan, Gansu, China(N) A river in Guangxi, China(N) A surname, from Korean of Korean origin, a variant of Lee and Rhee
liable: (aj) bound or obliged in law or equity; responsible; answerable.; subject; susceptible.; exposed to a certain contingency or causality, more or less probable.; likely.
liana: (n) A climbing woody vine, usually tropical.
Liana: (N) A female given name from Latin, derived from Juliana or Eliana
liar: (n) One who frequently tells lies.; A swabber responsible for cleaning the outside parts of the ship rather than the cabins, a role traditionally assigned to a person caught telling a lie the previous week.
liard: (n) A small French coin, equivalent to a quarter of a sou.
liars: (n) plural of liar
lias: (n) A type of blue limestone present in parts of southern England and Wales.; Alternative letter-case form of Lias
Lias: (N) A stratigraphic group from the lower Jurassic of Western Europe, consisting of thin layers of blue limestone.; The lower Jurassic.
liases: (n) plural of lias
lib: (n) liberal; liberation; library; libertarian(n) A potion; magic potion; charm.(v) To geld; castrate; emasculate (usually said of animals).
Lib: (N) The Libertarian party.; The astrological sign, Libra.(n) A member of the Liberal Party.
Libby: (N) A diminutive of the female given name Elizabeth and Isabel.; A matronymic surname, from given names.; A city, the county seat of Lincoln County, Montana, United States.
libel: (n) A written or pictorial false statement which unjustly seeks to damage someone's reputation.; The act or crime of displaying such a statement publicly.; Any defamatory writing; a lampoon; a satire.; A written declaration or statement by the plaintiff of their cause of action, and of the relief they seek.; A brief writing of any kind, especially a declaration, bill, certificate, request, supplication, etc.(v) To defame someone, especially in a manner that meets the legal definition of libel.; To proceed against (a ship, goods, etc.) by filing a libel.
libels: (n) plural of libel(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of libel
liber: (n) The inner bark of plants, next to the wood. It usually contains a large proportion of woody, fibrous cells, and is the part from which the fibre of the plant is obtained, as that of hemp, etc.
libido: (n) Sexual urges or drives.; Drives or mental energies related to or based on sexual instincts but not necessarily sexual in and of themselves.; Synonym of albedo in terms of a planet's, such as that of Mars, average surface spectral reflectivity.
libra: (n) A Roman unit of weight equal to about 327 grams.; Any of various units of weight in Spanish- and Portuguese-speaking countries approximately equal to 460 grams or a little more than a US or UK pound.; Alternative spelling of libbra, an Italian unit of weight.
Libra: (N) A constellation of the zodiac, supposedly shaped like a set of scales.; The astrological sign for the scales, ruled by Venus and covering September 24 - October 23 (tropical astrology) or October 16 - November 16 (sidereal astrology).(n) Someone with a Libra star sign
libri: (n) plural of liber
Libya: (N) A country in North Africa.; Africa; that is, the part of North Africa known in classical antiquity.
Libyan: (aj) Of, from, or pertaining to Libya.(n) A person from Libya or of Libyan descent.; The Libyan language, short for Libyan Arabic.
lice: (n) plural of louse
lichee: (n) Alternative form of lychee
lichen: (n) Any of many symbiotic organisms, being associations of algae and fungi, often found as white or yellow-to-blue–green patches on rocks, old walls, etc.; Something which gradually spreads across something else, causing damage.
lichening: (v) plural of lichen
lichi: (n) Alternative spelling of lychee
licit: (aj) Not forbidden by formal or informal rules.; Explicitly established or constituted by law.
lick: (n) The act of licking; a stroke of the tongue.; The amount of some substance obtainable with a single lick.; A quick and careless application of anything, as if by a stroke of the tongue.; A place where animals lick minerals from the ground.; A small watercourse or ephemeral stream. It ranks between a rill and a stream.; A stroke or blow.; A small amount; a whit.; An attempt at something.; A short motif.; A rate of speed. (Always qualified by good, fair, or a similar adjective.); An act of cunnilingus.(v) To stroke with the tongue.; To lap; to take in with the tongue.; To beat with repeated blows.; To defeat decisively, particularly in a fight.; To overcome.; To perform cunnilingus.; To do anything partially.; To lap.(n) Used in phrasal verbs: hit a lick, hit licks – rarely detached from it
Lick: (N) A surname.
licked: (v) simple past tense and past participle of lick
licks: (n) plural of lick(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lick
Licks: (N) plural of Lick
lictor: (n) An officer in ancient Rome, attendant on a consul or magistrate, who bore the fasces and was responsible for punishing criminals.
lid: (n) The top or cover of a container.; A cap or hat.; One ounce of cannabis.; A bodyboard or bodyboarder.; A motorcyclist's crash helmet.; In amateur radio, an incompetent operator.; Clipping of eyelid.; A hermetically sealed top piece on a microchip such as the integrated heat spreader on a CPU.; A restraint or control, as when "putting a lid" on something.; A kid (from the rhyming slang bin lid)(v) To put a lid on (something).
lido: (n) Part of the sea by a beach sectioned off for swimming and other aquatic activities.; An outdoor swimming pool.
lids: (n) plural of lid(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lid
lie: (v) To rest in a horizontal position on a surface.; To be placed or situated.; To abide; to remain for a longer or shorter time; to be in a certain state or condition.; Used with in: to be or exist; to belong or pertain; to have an abiding place; to consist.; Used with with: to have sexual relations with.; Used with on/upon: to be incumbent (on); to be the responsibility of a person.; To lodge; to sleep.; To be still or quiet, like one lying down to rest.; To be sustainable; to be capable of being maintained.(n) The terrain and conditions surrounding the ball before it is struck.; The terrain and conditions surrounding the disc before it is thrown.; The position of a fetus in the womb.; A manner of lying; relative position.; An animal's lair.(v) To give false information intentionally with intent to deceive.; To convey a false image or impression.; To be mistaken or unintentionally spread false information.(n) An intentionally false statement; an intentional falsehood.; A statement intended to deceive, even if literally true.; Anything that misleads or disappoints.
Lie: (N) A Norwegian surname.
lied: (n) An art song, usually sung solo in German and accompanied on the piano.(v) simple past tense and past participle of lie (in the sense "to give false information intentionally")
lief: (aj) Beloved, dear, agreeable.; Ready, willing.(av) Readily, willingly, rather.(n) Alternative form of lif
liefs: (n) plural of lief
liege: (n) A free and independent person; specifically, a lord paramount; a sovereign.; A king or lord.; The subject of a sovereign or lord; a liegeman.(aj) Sovereign; independent; having authority or right to allegiance.; Serving an independent sovereign or master; bound by a feudal tenure; obliged to be faithful and loyal to a superior, such as a vassal to his lord; faithful.; Full; perfect; complete; pure.
lieges: (n) plural of liege
lien: (n) A tendon.; A right to take possession of a debtor’s property as security until a debt or duty is discharged.(v) Alternative form of lain(n) The spleen.
liens: (n) plural of lien
lier: (n) A person or thing that lies, in the sense of being horizontal.; A lie-abed; one who stays in bed late.; Obsolete spelling of liar.; Misspelling of liar.
Lier: (N) A city in Antwerp province, Belgium.(N) A municipality of Buskerud county, Norway.
lierne: (n) A cross-shaped rib of an ogival vault.
lies: (n) plural of lie(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lie(aj) Great, wonderful
lieu: (n) A place or stead; See in lieu or in lieu of
Lieu: (N) A surname.
lieus: (n) plural of lieu
liever: (aj) Alternative spelling of liefer; comparative form of lief: more lief(av) Alternative spelling of liefer; comparative form of lief: more lief
life: (n) The state of organisms preceding their death, characterized by biological processes such as metabolism and reproduction and distinguishing them from inanimate objects; the state of being alive and living.; The status possessed by any of a number of entities, including animals, plants, fungi, bacteria, and sometimes viruses, which have the properties of replication and metabolism.; The animating principle or force that keeps an inorganic thing or concept metaphorically alive (dynamic, relevant, etc) and makes it a "living document", "living constitution", etc.; Lifeforms, generally or collectively.; A living individual; the fact of a particular individual being alive. (Chiefly when indicating individuals were lost (died) or saved.); Existence.; A worthwhile existence.; Existence.; A particular aspect of existence.; Existence.; Social life.; Existence.; Something which is inherently part of a person's existence, such as job, family, a loved one, etc.; A period of time during which something has existence.; The period during which one (a person, an animal, a plant; a civilization, species; a star; etc) is alive.; A period of time during which something has existence.; The span of time during which an object operates.; A period of time during which something has existence.; The period of time during which an object is recognizable.; A period of time during which something has existence.; A particular phase or period of existence.; A period of time during which something has existence.; A period extending from a when a (positive or negative) office, punishment, etc is conferred on someone until that person dies (or, sometimes, reaches retirement age).; Animation; spirit; vivacity.; The most lively component or participant.; A biography.; Nature, reality, and the forms that exist in it.; An opportunity for existence.; One of the player's chances to play, lost when the player's character dies or when certain mistakes are made.; An opportunity for existence.; A chance for the batter (or batting team) to bat again, given as a result of an misplay by a member of the fielding team.; An opportunity for existence.; One of a player's chances to play in various children's playground games, lost when a mistake is made, for example being struck by the ball in dodgeball.; The life insurance industry.; A life assured under a life assurance policy (equivalent to the policy itself for a single life contract).(v) To replace components whose operational lifetime has expired.(i) Synonym of God's life (“an oath”)
Life: (N) God.(N) A surname.
lifer: (n) A prisoner sentenced to life in prison.; A prisoner sentenced to transportation for life.; A person with a singular career path, especially in the military.; A bird species seen for the first time by a birder who is keeping a list of all the species he or she has ever seen.
lift: (v) To raise or rise.; To steal.; To source directly without acknowledgement; to plagiarise.; To arrest (a person).; To remove (a ban, restriction, etc.).; To alleviate, to lighten (pressure, tension, stress, etc.); to cause to move upwards.; To lift weights; to weight-lift.; To try to raise something; to exert the strength for raising or bearing.; To elevate or improve in rank, condition, etc.; often with up.; To bear; to support.; To collect, as moneys due; to raise.; To transform (a function) into a corresponding function in a different context.; To buy a security or other asset previously offered for sale.; To take (hounds) off the existing scent and move them to another spot.(n) An act of lifting or raising.; The act of transporting someone in a vehicle; a ride; a trip.; Mechanical device for vertically transporting goods or people between floors in a building; an elevator.; An upward force, such as the force that keeps aircraft aloft.; The difference in elevation between the upper pool and lower pool of a waterway, separated by lock.; A thief.; The lifting of a dance partner into the air.; Permanent construction with a built-in platform that is lifted vertically.; An improvement in mood.; The amount or weight to be lifted.; The space or distance through which anything is lifted.; A rise; a degree of elevation.; A liftgate.; A rope leading from the masthead to the extremity of a yard below, and used for raising or supporting the end of the yard.; One of the steps of a cone pulley.; A layer of leather in the heel of a shoe.; That portion of the vibration of a balance during which the impulse is given.(n) Air.; The sky; the heavens; firmament; atmosphere.
lifted: (v) simple past tense and past participle of lift(aj) Raised up; held aloft.; Stolen.
lifts: (n) plural of lift(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lift
ligan: (n) Alternative form of lagan
ligans: (n) plural of ligan
ligate: (v) To bind with a ligature or bandage.; To connect text characters with a ligature.; To join by ligation.
liger: (n) An animal born to a male lion and a tigress.
ligger: (n) The horizontal timber of a scaffolding; a ledger.; A simply supported plank over a stream used as a footbridge.; A nether millstone.; A coverlet for a bed.(n) A freeloader or hanger-on, especially in the music or entertainment industry.(n) A kelt (“thin, recently spawned salmon”).; A baited fishing line attached to a float, for night fishing, etc.
light: (n) Visible electromagnetic radiation. The human eye can typically detect radiation (light) in the wavelength range of about 400 to 750 nanometers. Nearby shorter and longer wavelength ranges, although not visible, are commonly called ultraviolet and infrared light.; A source of illumination.; Spiritual or mental illumination; enlightenment, useful information.; Facts; pieces of information; ideas, concepts.; A notable person within a specific field or discipline.; The manner in which the light strikes a picture; that part of a picture which represents those objects upon which the light is supposed to fall; the more illuminated part of a landscape or other scene; opposed to shade.; A point of view, or aspect from which a concept, person or thing is regarded.; A flame or something used to create fire.; A firework made by filling a case with a substance which burns brilliantly with a white or coloured flame.; A window in architecture, carriage design, or motor car design: either the opening itself or the window pane of glass that fills it, if any.; The series of squares reserved for the answer to a crossword clue.; A cross-light in a double acrostic or triple acrostic.; Open view; a visible state or condition; public observation; publicity.; The power of perception by vision.; The brightness of the eye or eyes.; A traffic light, or, by extension, an intersection controlled by one or more that will face a traveler who is receiving instructions.(v) To start (a fire).; To set fire to; to set burning.; To illuminate; to provide light for when it is dark.; To become ignited; to take fire.; To attend or conduct with a light; to show the way to by means of a light.; To make (a bonus) available to be collected by hitting a target, and thus light up the feature light corresponding to that bonus to indicate its availability.(aj) Having light; bright; clear; not dark or obscure.; Pale or whitish in color; highly luminous and more or less deficient in chroma.; Served with extra milk or cream.(aj) Having little or relatively little actual weight; not cumbrous or unwieldy.; Having little weight as compared with bulk; of little density or specific gravity.; Of short or insufficient weight; weighing less than the legal, standard, or proper amount; clipped or diminished.; Lacking that which burdens or makes heavy.; Free from burden or impediment; unencumbered.; Lacking that which burdens or makes heavy.; Lightly built; typically designed for speed or small loads.; Lacking that which burdens or makes heavy.; Not heavily armed; armed with light weapons.; Lacking that which burdens or makes heavy.; Riding high because of no cargo; by extension, pertaining to a ship which is light.; Lacking that which burdens or makes heavy.; Without any piece of equipment attached or attached only to a caboose.; Lacking that which burdens or makes heavy.; With low viscosity.; Not heavy or soggy; spongy; well raised.; Low in fat, calories, alcohol, salt, etc.; Slight, not forceful or intense; small in amount or intensity.; Gentle; having little force or momentum.; Easy to endure or perform.; Unimportant, trivial, having little value or significance.; Unchaste, wanton.; Not encumbered; unembarrassed; clear of impediments; hence, active; nimble; swift.; Easily influenced by trifling considerations; unsteady; unsettled; volatile.; Indulging in, or inclined to, levity; lacking dignity or solemnity; frivolous; airy.; Not quite sound or normal; somewhat impaired or deranged; dizzy; giddy.; Easily interrupted by stimulation.(av) Carrying little.(n) A stone that is not thrown hard enough.; See lights (“lungs”).(v) To unload a ship, or to jettison material to make it lighter; To lighten; to ease of a burden; to take off.(v) To find by chance.; To stop upon (of eyes or a glance); to notice; To alight; to land or come down.
Light: (N) A surname.; An unincorporated community in Greene County, Arkansas, United States.; The 24th sura (chapter) of the Qur'an.
lights: (n) plural of light(n) The lungs, now chiefly of an animal (being lighter than adjacent parts).(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of light
lignin: (n) A complex non-carbohydrate aromatic polymer present in all wood.
ligula: (n) A strap or strap-shaped object, especially such a development in plants or insects.
ligule: (n) A strap-shaped structure.; A portion of a leaf found at the base of the petiole, when present.; In many grasses (Poaceae) and some sedges (Cyperaceae), the membranous appendage or ring of hairs projecting from the inner side of a leaf at the junction between the blade and the sheath.
ligure: (n) A gemstone, supposed to have been a form of agate
like: (v) To enjoy, be pleased by; favor; be in favor of.; To please.; To derive pleasure of, by or with someone or something.; To prefer and maintain (an action) as a regular habit or activity.; To have an appearance or expression; to look; to seem to be (in a specified condition).; To come near; to avoid with difficulty; to escape narrowly.; To find attractive; to prefer the company of; to have mild romantic feelings for.; To liken; to compare.; To show support for, or approval of, something posted on the Internet by marking it with a vote.; To want, desire. See also would like.; To accept as an input.(n) Something that a person likes (prefers).; An individual vote showing support for, or approval of, something posted on the Internet.(aj) Similar.; Likely; probable.; inclined (to), prone (to).(av) Likely.; In a like or similar manner.(n) Someone similar to a given person, or something similar to a given object; a comparative; a type; a sort.; The stroke that equalizes the number of strokes played by the opposing player or side.(c) As, the way.; As if; as though.(p) Similar to, reminiscent of.; Typical of; Approximating; In the manner of, similarly to.; Such as; As if there would be.(pa) A delayed filler.; A mild intensifier.; indicating approximation or uncertainty; When preceded by any form of the verb to be, used to mean “to say” or “to think”; used to precede an approximate quotation or paraphrase.(v) To be likely.
Like: (N) A surname.
liked: (v) simple past tense and past participle of like
likely: (aj) probable; having a greater-than-even chance of occurring; Reasonably to be expected; apparently destined, probable; appropriate, suitable; believable; having a good potential; plausible; within the realm of credibility; promising; apt to achieve success or yield a desired outcome; attractive; pleasant; Similar; like; alike.(n) Something or somebody considered likely.(av) Similarly.; Probably.
Likely: (N) A surname.; A census-designated place in Modoc County, California, United States.
liken: (v) To compare; to state that (something) is like (something else).
liker: (n) One who likes.(aj) comparative form of like: more like
likes: (n) plural of like(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of like; First person singular simple present indicative form of like; Third person plural simple present indicative form of like
Likes: (N) plural of Like
liking: (v) present participle of like(n) A like; a predilection.; Approval.
likker: (n) Eye dialect spelling of liquor.
lilac: (n) A large shrub of the genus Syringa, especially Syringa vulgaris, bearing white, pale-pink, or purple flowers.; A flower of the lilac shrub.; A pale purple color, the color of some lilac flowers.(aj) Having a pale purple colour.
lilacs: (n) plural of lilac
lilies: (n) plural of lily
lilith: (n) A type of female Mesopotamian demon, typically seen as coming to men in dreams and as endangering women during pregnancy or childbirth.
Lilith: (N) A Mesopotamian storm demon, a bearer of disease and death.; The first wife of Adam in Jewish folklore.; The "dark moon" or "black moon", a second moon of Earth erroneously proposed by astrologers; now usually interpreted as the empty focus of the ellipse of the actual Moon's orbit.; A female given name from Hebrew.
Lille: (N) A city, the capital of the Nord department, France; regional capital of Hauts-de-France.; A town and municipality of the province of Antwerp, Belgium.
lilt: (v) To do something rhythmically, with animation and quickness, usually of music.; To sing cheerfully, especially in Gaelic.; To utter with spirit, animation, or gaiety; to sing with spirit and liveliness.(n) Animated, brisk motion; spirited rhythm; sprightliness.; A lively song or dance; a cheerful tune.; A cheerful or melodious accent when speaking.
lily: (n) Any of several flowers in the genus Lilium of the family Liliaceae, which includes a great many ornamental species.; Any of several species of herbaceous flower which may or may not resemble the genus Lilium in some way, and which are not closely related to it or each other.; The flower used as a heraldic charge; also commonly used to describe the fleur-de-lis.; The end of a compass needle that should point north, traditionally often ornamented with the figure of a lily or fleur-de-lis.; A royal spade in auction bridge.; The thirtieth Lenormand card, representing calmness and maturity.(aj) White (as a racial epithet).
Lily: (N) A female given name from English. Popular around 1900 and currently returning to favor.
lima: (n) lima bean
Lima: (N) The capital city of Peru.; A city, the county seat of Allen County, Ohio, United States.; The letter L in the ICAO spelling alphabet.
limb: (n) A major appendage of human or animal, used for locomotion (such as an arm, leg or wing).; A branch of a tree.; The part of the bow, from the handle to the tip.; An elementary piece of the mechanism of a lock.; A thing or person regarded as a part or member of, or attachment to, something else.; The part of a corolla beyond the throat.; The edge of a star or planet.; Short for limb of Satan (“a wicked or mischievous child”).(v) To remove the limbs from (an animal or tree).; To supply with limbs.(n) The apparent visual edge of a celestial body.; The graduated edge of a circle or arc.; The border or upper spreading part of a monopetalous corolla, or of a petal or sepal; blade.
Limb: (N) A surname.
limber: (aj) Flexible, pliant, bendable.(v) To cause to become limber; to make flexible or pliant.(n) A two-wheeled vehicle to which a wheeled artillery piece or caisson may be attached for transport.; The shafts or thills of a wagon or carriage.; Gutters or conduits on each side of the keelson to allow water to pass to the pump well.(v) To prepare an artillery piece for transportation (i.e., to attach it to its limber.)
limbic: (aj) Relating to the limbic system.
limbo: (n) The place where innocent souls exist temporarily until they can enter heaven, notably those of the saints who died before the advent of Christ (limbus patruum) and those of unbaptized but innocent children (limbus infantum).; Any in-between place, state or condition of neglect or oblivion which results in an unresolved status, delay or deadlock.; A lockup or jail cell.(n) A dance in which dancers take turns crossing under a horizontal bar or stick. The stick is lowered with each round, and the game is won by the player who passes under the bar in the lowest position.(v) To dance in this way.
limboes: (v) plural of limbo
limbs: (n) plural of limb(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of limb
Limbs: (N) plural of Limb
limbus: (n) A border of an anatomical part, such as the edge of the cornea.
lime: (n) Any inorganic material containing calcium, usually calcium oxide (quicklime) or calcium hydroxide (slaked lime).; Any gluey or adhesive substance; something which traps or captures someone; sometimes a synonym for birdlime.; A spotlight.(v) To treat with calcium hydroxide or calcium oxide (lime).; To smear with birdlime.; To ensnare, catch, entrap.; To apply limewash.(n) A deciduous tree of the genus Tilia, especially Tilia × europaea; the linden tree.; The wood of this tree.(n) Any of several green citrus fruit, somewhat smaller and sharper-tasting than a lemon.; Any of the trees that bear limes, especially Key lime, Citrus aurantiifolia.; A brilliant, sometimes yellowish, green colour associated with the fruits of a lime tree.; A fan fiction story which contains sexual references, but stops short of full, explicit descriptions of sexual activity (coined by analogy with lemon).(aj) Containing lime or lime juice.; Having the aroma or flavor of lime.; Lime-green.(v) To hang out/socialize in an informal, relaxed environment, especially with friends, for example at a party or on the beach.(n) Alternative form of lyam (a leash)
limen: (n) A liminal point; the threshold of a physiological or psychological response.
limes: (n) A boundary or border, especially of the Roman Empire.(n) plural of lime
limey: (aj) Resembling limes (the fruit); lime-like.; Of, or pertaining to, limes (the fruit).(n) An Englishman or other Briton, or a person of British descent.
limit: (n) A restriction; a bound beyond which one may not go.; A value to which a sequence converges. Equivalently, the common value of the upper limit and the lower limit of a sequence: if the upper and lower limits are different, then the sequence has no limit (i.e., does not converge).; Any of several abstractions of this concept of limit.; The cone of a diagram through which any other cone of that same diagram can factor uniquely.; Fixed limit.; The final, utmost, or furthest point; the border or edge.; The space or thing defined by limits.; That which terminates a period of time; hence, the period itself; the full time or extent.; A restriction; a check or curb; a hindrance.; A determining feature; a distinguishing characteristic.; The first group of riders to depart in a handicap race.; A person who is exasperating, intolerable, astounding, etc.(aj) Being a fixed limit game.(v) To restrict; not to allow to go beyond a certain bound, to set boundaries.; To have a limit in a particular set.; To beg, or to exercise functions, within a certain limited region.
limits: (n) plural of limit(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of limit
limn: (v) To draw or paint; to delineate.; To illuminate, as a manuscript; to decorate with gold or some other bright colour.
limner: (n) Someone who limns. A portrait painter.
limp: (v) To walk lamely, as if favouring one leg.; To travel with a malfunctioning system of propulsion.; To move or proceed irregularly.; To call, particularly in an unraised pot pre-flop.(n) An irregular, jerky or awkward gait.; A scraper for removing poor ore or refuse from the sieve.(aj) flaccid; flabby, like flesh.; lacking stiffness; flimsy; not erect; not having an erect penis; physically weak(v) To be inadequate or unsatisfactory.(n) A scraper of board or sheet-iron shaped like half the head of a small cask, used for scraping the ore off the sieve in the operation of hand-jigging.(v) To happen; befall; chance.; To come upon; meet.
limped: (v) simple past tense and past participle of limp
limpet: (n) A small mollusc, of the family Patellidae with a conical shell found clinging to rocks in the intertidal zones of rocky shores.; Someone clingy or dependent; someone disregarding or ignorant of another's personal space.
limpid: (aj) Clear, transparent or bright.
limply: (av) In a limp manner, without support or resistance.
limy: (aj) containing or resembling lime
lin: (v) To desist, to stop to cease.(n) Alternative spelling of linn(n) Alternative form of line (“flax, linen”)
Lin: (N) A surname, from Chinese of Chinese origin (see: 林); A male or female given name(N) A county of Lüliang, Shanxi, China.
linage: (n) Alternative spelling of lineage
lind: (n) the lime tree, or linden tree
Lind: (N) A surname.
linden: (aj) Made of lime-wood.(n) Any of various deciduous trees of the genus Tilia, having heart-shaped leaves.; The soft wood of such trees.
Linden: (N) An English surname, from Old English, a variant of Lyndon.; A Scottish surname, a variant of Linton.; A Dutch surname, from Dutch, a variant of Lynden.; A German surname, from German, a variant of Lindner.; A unisex given name transferred from the surname, or for the linden tree.; A town in Hesse, Germany.; A town in Kaiserslautern district, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.; A town in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.; A town in Westerwaldkreis district, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.; A village in the Netherlands.; A town in Switzerland.; A suburb of Johannesburg, South Africa; named for founder Johannes van de Linde.; A town in Guyana, the second-largest settlement in the country; named for Linden Forbes Sampson Burnham, 2nd President of Guyana.; A village in New South Wales.; A ghost town in Western Australia; named for nearby Mount Linden, itself named for a prospector in the area.; A village in Alberta.; A community in Nova Scotia.; A number of places in the United States:; A city, the county seat of Marengo County, Alabama; named for the Battle of Hohenlinden, in honor the Bonapartist refugees who were Marengo County's first European settlers.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Arizona.; A number of places in the United States:; A census-designated place in San Joaquin County, California, United States.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Idaho; named for the community in Christian County, Missouri.; A number of places in the United States:; A town in Indiana.; A number of places in the United States:; A city in Iowa.; A number of places in the United States:; A city in Michigan.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Minnesota.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Atchison County, Missouri; named for the linden trees in the area.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Christian County, Missouri; named for the town in Tennessee.; A number of places in the United States:; A city in Union County, New Jersey; named for linden trees brought to the area from Germany.; A number of places in the United States:; A town in North Carolina.; A number of places in the United States:; A neighborhood of Columbus, Ohio.; A number of places in the United States:; A town, the county seat of Perry County, Tennessee; named for "Hohenlinden", a poem by Scottish poet Thomas Campbell.; A number of places in the United States:; A city, the county seat of Cass County, Texas.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Virginia.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Wise County, West Virginia.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Roane County, West Virginia; named for Confederate officer Charles Linden Broadus.; A number of places in the United States:; A town and village in Wisconsin.
lindied: (v) plural of lindy
lindy: (n) A jitterbug, originated in Harlem, New York.
Lindy: (N) A pet form of female given names, such as Linda and Lindsay.; Nickname of Charles Lindbergh.(n) A dance step.; A musical composition suitable for such a dance.
lindying: (v) plural of lindy
line: (n) A path through two or more points (compare ‘segment’); a continuous mark, including as made by a pen; any path, curved or straight.; An infinitely extending one-dimensional figure that has no curvature; one that has length but not breadth or thickness.; A path through two or more points (compare ‘segment’); a continuous mark, including as made by a pen; any path, curved or straight.; A line segment; a continuous finite segment of such a figure.; A path through two or more points (compare ‘segment’); a continuous mark, including as made by a pen; any path, curved or straight.; An edge of a graph.; A path through two or more points (compare ‘segment’); a continuous mark, including as made by a pen; any path, curved or straight.; A circle of latitude or of longitude, as represented on a map.; A path through two or more points (compare ‘segment’); a continuous mark, including as made by a pen; any path, curved or straight.; The equator.; A path through two or more points (compare ‘segment’); a continuous mark, including as made by a pen; any path, curved or straight.; One of the straight horizontal and parallel prolonged strokes on and between which the notes are placed.; A path through two or more points (compare ‘segment’); a continuous mark, including as made by a pen; any path, curved or straight.; The horizontal path of a ball towards the batsman (see also length).; A path through two or more points (compare ‘segment’); a continuous mark, including as made by a pen; any path, curved or straight.; The goal line.; A path through two or more points (compare ‘segment’); a continuous mark, including as made by a pen; any path, curved or straight.; A particular path taken by a vehicle when driving a bend or corner in the road.; A rope, cord, string, or thread, of any thickness.; A hose or pipe, of any size.; Direction, path.; The wire connecting one telegraphic station with another, a telephone or internet cable between two points: a telephone or network connection.; A clothesline.; A letter, a written form of communication.; A connected series of public conveyances, as a roadbed or railway track; and hence, an established arrangement for forwarding merchandise, etc.; A trench or rampart, or the non-physical demarcation of the extent of the territory occupied by specified forces.; The exterior limit of a figure or territory: a boundary, contour, or outline; a demarcation.; A long tape or ribbon marked with units for measuring; a tape measure.; A measuring line or cord.; That which was measured by a line, such as a field or any piece of land set apart; hence, allotted place of abode.; A threadlike crease or wrinkle marking the face, hand, or body; hence, a characteristic mark.; Lineament; feature; figure (of one's body).; A more-or-less straight sequence of people, objects, etc., either arranged as a queue or column and often waiting to be processed or dealt with, or arranged abreast of one another in a row (and contrasted with a column), as in a military formation.; The regular infantry of an army, as distinguished from militia, guards, volunteer corps, cavalry, artillery, etc.; A series of notes forming a certain part (such as the bass or melody) of a greater work.; A series or succession of ancestors or descendants of a given person; a family or race; compare lineage.; A small amount of text. Specifically:; A written or printed row of letters, words, numbers, or other text, especially a row of words extending across a page or column, or a blank in place of such text.; A small amount of text. Specifically:; A verse (in poetry).; A small amount of text. Specifically:; A sentence of dialogue, especially in a play, movie, or the like.; A small amount of text. Specifically:; A lie or exaggeration, especially one told to gain another's approval or prevent losing it.; Course of conduct, thought, occupation, or policy; method of argument; department of industry, trade, or intellectual activity.; The official, stated position (or set of positions) of an individual or group, particularly a political or religious faction.; Information about or understanding of something. (Mostly restricted to the expressions get a line on, have a line on, and give a line on.); A set of products or services sold by a business, or by extension, the business itself.; A number of shares taken by a jobber.; Any of an ill-defined set of units of length, varying according to the country, discipline, industry, and date of application, commonly with no indication of the intended magnitude:; A tsarist-era Russian unit of measure, approximately equal to one tenth of an English inch, used especially when measuring the calibre of firearms.; Any of an ill-defined set of units of length, varying according to the country, discipline, industry, and date of application, commonly with no indication of the intended magnitude:; One twelfth of an inch.; Any of an ill-defined set of units of length, varying according to the country, discipline, industry, and date of application, commonly with no indication of the intended magnitude:; One sixteenth of an inch.; Any of an ill-defined set of units of length, varying according to the country, discipline, industry, and date of application, commonly with no indication of the intended magnitude:; One fortieth of an inch.; Short for agate line.; A maxwell, a unit of magnetic flux.; The batter’s box.; The position in which the fencers hold their swords.; Proper relative position or adjustment (of parts, not as to design or proportion, but with reference to smooth working).; A small path-shaped portion or serving of a powdery illegal drug, especially cocaine.; Instruction; doctrine.; Population of cells derived from a single cell and containing the same genetic makeup.; a set composed of a spike, a drip chamber, a clamp, a Y-injection site, a three-way stopcock and a catheter.; A group of forwards that play together.; A set of positions in a team which play in a similar position on the field; in a traditional team, consisting of three players and acting as one of six such sets in the team.; A vascular catheter.; A group of people born in a certain year (liners).(v) To place (objects) into a line (usually used with "up"); to form into a line; to align.; To place persons or things along the side of for security or defense; to strengthen by adding; to fortify.; To form a line along.; To mark with a line or lines; to cover with lines.; To align (one or more switches) to direct a train onto a particular track.; To represent by lines; to delineate; to portray.; To read or repeat line by line.; To hit a line drive; to hit a line drive which is caught for an out. Compare fly and ground.; To track (wild bees) to their nest by following their line of flight.; To measure.(n) Flax; linen, particularly the longer fiber of flax.(v) To cover the inner surface of (something), originally especially with linen.; To reinforce (the back of a book) with glue and glued scrap material such as fabric or paper.; To fill or supply (something), as a purse with money.(v) To copulate with, to impregnate.
Line: (N) An English and Scottish surname.
LINE: (n) A close quarters combat system, see LINE (combat system) on Wikipedia.Wikipedia
lineal: (aj) Having an ancestral relationship to mothers, fathers, grandparents, (etc.) and having a descendant relationship to sons, daughters, grandchildren (etc.), exclusive of collateral siblings.; Inheriting by direct descent; having the right by direct descent to succeed (to).; Composed of lines; delineated.; In the direction of a line; of a line; of or relating to a line; measured on, or ascertained by, a line; linear.
linear: (aj) Having the form of a line; straight or roughly straight; following a direct course.; Of or relating to lines.; Made, or designed to be used, in a step-by-step, sequential manner.; Long and narrow, with nearly parallel sides.; Of or relating to a class of polynomial of the form y=ax+b.; A type of length measurement involving only one spatial dimension (as opposed to area or volume).
Linear: (N) A comet, cataloged as “C/1999 S4”, discovered on September 27, 1999, by the Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research program in New Mexico. (See https://web.archive.org/web/20051220100856/http://www.windows.ucar.edu/tour/link=/comets/linear.html) Sometimes spelled LINEAR.
lined: (aj) Having a lining, an inner layer or covering.; Having lines, ruled.; Having visible lines or wrinkles.(v) simple past tense and past participle of line
linen: (n) Thread or cloth made from flax fiber.; Domestic textiles, such as tablecloths, bedding, towels, underclothes, etc., that are made of linen or linen-like fabrics of cotton or other fibers; linens.; A light beige colour, like that of linen cloth undyed.(aj) Made from linen cloth or thread.; Having the colour linen, light beige.
Linen: (N) A surname.
linens: (n) plural of linen(n) Household textiles made of linen-like cloth (such as cotton fabric), including tablecloths and bed sheets. The singular, linen, of this sense is rare.; Undergarments, underwear.
Linens: (N) plural of Linen
liner: (n) Someone who fits a lining to something.; A removable cover or lining; The pamphlet which is contained inside an album of music or movie; A lining within the cylinder of a steam engine, in which the piston works and between which and the outer shell of the cylinder a space is left to form a steam jacket.; A slab on which small pieces of marble, tile, etc., are fastened for grinding.; A formal no show sock.(n) A large passenger-carrying ship, especially one on a regular route; an ocean liner.; A ship of the line.; A line drive.; A basic salesperson.; Something with a specified number of lines.; person born in a certain year (XX liner); person who belongs to a certain line; Short for penny-a-liner.
LINER: (n) low ionization nuclear emission line region
Liner: (N) A surname.
liners: (n) plural of liner
LINERs: (n) plural of LINER
Liners: (N) plural of Liner
lines: (n) plural of line(n) Words spoken by the actors.; Dispositions made to cover extended positions, and presenting a front in but one direction to an enemy.; Form of a vessel as shown by the outlines of vertical, horizontal, and oblique sections.; A school punishment in which a student must repeatedly write out a line of text related to the offence (e.g. "I must be quiet in class") a specified number of times; the lines of text so written out.; The reins with which a horse is guided by its driver.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of line
LINEs: (n) plural of LINE
lineup: (n) a physical or photographic queue of people allegedly involved in a crime, allowing a witness to identify them; A line of people or vehicles, in which the individual at the front end is dealt with first, the one behind is dealt with next, and so on, and in which newcomers join at the end; a queue.; Collectively, the members of a team.; The batting order.; The members of a music group at any one time.; The acts performing at a concert or music festival.
ling: (n) Any of various marine food fish, of the genus Molva, resembling the cod.; A common ling (Molva molva).(n) Any of various varieties of heather or broom.; Common heather (Calluna vulgaris)(n) Clipping of linguistics.
Ling: (N) A surname.
lingam: (n) The aniconic phallic representation traditionally worshipped as a symbol of or in connection with Shiva.; The penis.
linger: (v) To stay or remain in a place or situation, especially as if unwilling to depart or not easily able to do so.; To remain alive or existent although still proceeding toward death or extinction; to die gradually.; To consider or contemplate for a period of time; to engage in analytic thinking or discussion.
Linger: (N) A surname.
lingo: (n) Language, especially language peculiar to a particular group, field, or region; jargon or a dialect.
Lingo: (N) A surname.
lingua: (n) Synonym of tongue.; A median process of the labium, at the underside of the mouth in insects, and serving as a tongue.
linguas: (n) plural of lingua
linin: (n) The network of viscous material in a cell's nucleus that connects the chromatin granules.; A bitter glucoside and purgative obtained from Linum catharticum.
lining: (n) A covering for the inside surface of something.; The material used for such a covering.; The act of attaching such a covering.(v) present participle of line
link: (n) A connection between places, people, events, things, or ideas.; One element of a chain or other connected series.; The connection between buses or systems.; A space comprising one or more disjoint knots.; a thin wild bank of land splitting two cultivated patches and often linking two hills.; an individual person or element in a system; Anything doubled and closed like a link of a chain.; A sausage that is not a patty.; Any one of the several elementary pieces of a mechanism, such as the fixed frame, or a rod, wheel, mass of confined liquid, etc., by which relative motion of other parts is produced and constrained.; Any intermediate rod or piece for transmitting force or motion, especially a short connecting rod with a bearing at each end; specifically (in steam engines) the slotted bar, or connecting piece, to the opposite ends of which the eccentric rods are jointed, and by means of which the movement of the valve is varied, in a link motion.; The length of one joint of Gunter's chain, being the hundredth part of it, or 7.92 inches, the chain being 66 feet in length.; A bond of affinity, or a unit of valence between atoms; applied to a unit of chemical force or attraction.; The windings of a river; the land along a winding stream.; An introductory cue.(v) To connect two or more things.; To contain a hyperlink to another page.; To supply (somebody) with a hyperlink; to direct by means of a link.; To post a hyperlink to.; To demonstrate a correlation between two things.; To combine objects generated by a compiler into a single executable.(n) A torch, used to light dark streets.(v) To skip or trip along smartly; to go quickly.
Link: (N) A diminutive of the male given name Lincoln
linked: (aj) connected, either with links, or as if with links; having links (between modules, records etc)(v) simple past tense and past participle of link
links: (n) plural of link(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of link(n) A golf course, especially one situated on dunes by the sea.
linn: (n) A pool of water, especially one below a waterfall.(n) A waterfall or cataract, or a ravine down which its water rushes.
Linn: (N) A surname.; A city and town in Kansas, United States; A small city, the county seat of Osage County, Missouri, United States.; A town in Wisconsin, United States.
linnet: (n) A small passerine bird, the common linnet (Linaria cannabina, syn. Carduelis cannabina), in the finch family Fringillidae, native to Europe, western Asia, and north Africa.; A house finch (Haemorhous mexicanus), of North America.
Linnet: (N) A female given name from English, occasionally recorded since the 19th century.
lint: (n) Clinging fuzzy fluff that clings to fabric or accumulates in one's pockets or navel etc.; A fine material made by scraping cotton or linen cloth; used for dressing wounds.; The fibrous coat of thick hairs covering the seeds of the cotton plant.; Raw cotton ready for baling.(v) To perform a static check on (source code) to detect stylistic or programmatic errors.
Lint: (N) A surname.
lintel: (n) A horizontal structural beam spanning an opening, such as between the uprights of a door or a window, and which supports the wall above.
Lintel: (N) The computing environment of the Linux operating system running on an Intel CPU; mostly in a server.
linter: (n) The short fibres that cling to cottonseeds after the first ginning.; A machine for removing these fibres.; A person or device that collects lint for use in making hats etc.(n) A program or algorithm that performs linting.
Linz: (N) The capital of, and largest city in, the state of Upper Austria, Austria, and the third largest city in the country.
lion: (n) A big cat, Panthera leo, native to Africa, India and formerly much of Europe.; A male lion, as opposed to a lioness.; Any of various extant and extinct big cats, especially the mountain lion.; A Chinese foo dog.; An individual who shows strength and courage, attributes associated with the lion.; A famous person regarded with interest and curiosity.; A light brown color that resembles the fur of a lion.; An old Scottish coin, with a lion on the obverse, worth 74 shillings.(aj) Of the light brown color that resembles the fur of a lion.
Lion: (n) A player for National Football League's Detroit Lions.; A player for Canadian Football League's B.C. Lions.; A player for the England football team
lions: (n) plural of lion
Lions: (N) Obsolete spelling of Lyon, the capital city of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes, France.
lip: (n) Either of the two fleshy protrusions around the opening of the mouth.; A part of the body that resembles a lip, such as the edge of a wound or the labia.; The projecting rim of an open container; a short open spout.; Backtalk; verbal impertinence.; The edge of a high spot of land.; The sharp cutting edge on the end of an auger.; One of the two opposite divisions of a labiate corolla.; The distinctive petal of the Orchis family.; One of the edges of the aperture of a univalve shell.; Embouchure: the condition or strength of a wind instrumentalist's lips.(v) To touch or grasp with the lips; to kiss; to lap the lips against (something).; (of something inanimate) To touch lightly.; To wash against a surface, lap.; To rise or flow up to or over the edge of something.; To form the rim, edge or margin of something.; To utter verbally.; To simulate speech by moving the lips without making any sound; to mouth.; To make a golf ball hit the lip of the cup, without dropping in.; To change the sound of (a musical note played on a wind instrument) by moving or tensing the lips.
lipase: (n) Any of a group of enzymes which catalyses the hydrolysis of lipids.
lipid: (n) Any of a group of organic compounds including the fats, oils, waxes, sterols, and triglycerides. Lipids are characterized by being insoluble in water, and account for most of the fat present in the human body.
lipoid: (aj) Of pertaining to fat.(n) A lipid or other substance resembling fat
lipoma: (n) A nonmalignant tumor comprising fat cells.
lippen: (v) To entrust; trust to (someone/something).; To trust; to expect; to depend or rely (on).
lips: (n) plural of lip(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lip(v) to kiss, to smooch
Lips: (N) A surname.
liquid: (n) A substance that is flowing, and keeping no shape, such as water; a substance of which the molecules, while not tending to separate from one another like those of a gas, readily change their relative position, and which therefore retains no definite shape, except that determined by the containing receptacle; an inelastic fluid.; Any of a class of consonant sounds that includes l and r.(aj) Flowing freely like water; fluid; not solid and not gaseous; composed of particles that move freely among each other on the slightest pressure.; Easily sold or disposed of without losing value.; Having sufficient trading activity to make buying or selling easy.; Flowing or sounding smoothly or without abrupt transitions or harsh tones.; Belonging to a class of consonants comprised of the laterals and the rhotics, which in many languages behave similarly.; Fluid and transparent.
liquor: (n) A liquid, a fluid.; A drinkable liquid.; A liquid obtained by cooking meat or vegetables (or both).; A parsley sauce commonly served with traditional pies and mash.; Strong alcoholic drink derived from fermentation and distillation; more broadly, any alcoholic drink.; In process industry, a liquid in which a desired reaction takes place, e.g. pulping liquor is a mixture of chemicals and water which breaks wood into its components, thus facilitating the extraction of cellulose.; A liquid in which something has been steeped.(v) To drink liquor, usually to excess.; To cause someone to drink liquor, usually to excess.; To grease.
lira: (n) The basic unit of currency in Turkey.; The currency of Lebanon (also pound), Syria (also pound), Jordan (also dinar); The former currency of Italy, Malta, San Marino, Cyprus and the Vatican City, superseded by the euro(n) The former currency of Israel, superseded by the sheqel.(n) A Ukrainian folk musical instrument similar to the hurdy-gurdy.(n) Any of a set of fine ridges on the shells of some molluscs(n) Alternative form of lyra
lire: (n) Flesh, brawn, or muscle; the fleshy part of a person or animal in contradistinction to the bone and skin.; The fleshy part of a roast capon, etc. as distinguished from a limb or joint.(n) The cheek.; Face; appearance of the face or skin; complexion; hue.(n) The Manx shearwater (bird).(n) plural of lira
liri: (n) plural of lira
lis: (n) fleur-de-lis(n) plural of li(n) The substance of a legal dispute.
Lisbon: (N) The capital city of Portugal; capital city of Lisbon district.; A district of Portugal.; A city, the county seat of Ransom County, North Dakota, United States.; A village, the county seat of Columbiana County, Ohio, United States, originally named New Lisbon.(n) A sweet, light-coloured wine from Portugal.
lisle: (n) A type of strong cotton thread, or a cloth woven from such thread.
Lisle: (N) A surname, from French.
lisp: (n) The habit or an act of lisping.(v) To pronounce the consonant ‘s’ imperfectly; to give ‘s’ and ‘z’ the sounds of ‘th’ (/θ/, /ð/). This is a speech impediment common among children.; To speak with imperfect articulation; to mispronounce, such as a child learning to talk.; To speak hesitatingly and with a low voice, as if afraid.; to express by the use of simple, childlike language.; To speak with reserve or concealment; to utter timidly or confidentially.
Lisp: (N) A functional programming language with a distinctive parenthesized syntax, much used in artificial intelligence.
LISP: (N) Alternative spelling of Lisp
lisped: (v) simple past tense and past participle of lisp
list: (n) A strip of fabric, especially from the edge of a piece of cloth.; Material used for cloth selvage.; A register or roll of paper consisting of a compilation or enumeration of a set of possible items; the compilation or enumeration itself.; The barriers or palisades used to fence off a space for jousting or tilting tournaments.; The scene of a military contest; the ground or field of combat; an enclosed space that serves as a battlefield; the site of a pitched battle.; A codified representation of a list used to store data or in processing; especially, in the Lisp programming language, a data structure consisting of a sequence of zero or more items.; A little square moulding; a fillet or listel.; A narrow strip of wood, especially sapwood, cut from the edge of a board or plank.; A piece of woollen cloth with which the yarns are grasped by a worker.; The first thin coating of tin; a wire-like rim of tin left on an edge of the plate after it is coated.; A stripe.; A boundary or limit; a border.(v) To create or recite a list.; To place in listings.; To sew together, as strips of cloth, so as to make a show of colours, or to form a border.; To cover with list, or with strips of cloth; to put list on; to stripe as if with list.; To plough and plant with a lister.; To prepare (land) for a cotton crop by making alternating beds and alleys with a hoe.; To cut away a narrow strip, as of sapwood, from the edge of.; To enclose (a field, etc.) for combat.; To engage a soldier, etc.; to enlist.; To engage in public service by enrolling one's name; to enlist.; To give a building of architectural or historical interest listed status; see also the adjective listed.(n) Art; craft; cunning; skill.(v) To listen.; To listen to.(v) To be pleasing to.; To desire, like, or wish (to do something).(n) Desire, inclination.(n) A tilt to a building.; A careening or tilting to one side, usually not intentionally or under a vessel's own power.(v) To cause (something) to tilt to one side.; To tilt to one side.
List: (N) A surname.
listed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of list(aj) entered on a list, especially an official one; protected from demolition or alteration
listel: (n) A narrow fillet or border.
listen: (v) To pay attention to a sound or speech.; To expect or wait for a sound, such as a signal.; To accept advice or obey instruction; to agree or assent.; To hear (something or someone), to pay attention to.(n) An instance of listening.
lister: (n) A spear armed with three or more prongs, for striking fish.(n) One who, or that which, lists or produces a listing.; A person or organisation that creates or maintains lists.; A birdwatcher who keeps track of birds using different checklists.(n) A double-mouldboard plough that throws a deep furrow and at the same time plants and covers grain in the bottom of the furrow.
Lister: (N) An occupational surname, from occupations for a textile dyer.
lists: (n) plural of list(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of list
Liszt: (N) A surname.; Franz Liszt, a Hungarian composer, pianist and teacher.; An asteroid in Asteroid Belt, Solar System. Discovered in 1988, it was the 3910th asteroid registered. Named after composer Franz Liszt.
lit: (v) simple past tense and past participle of light (“illuminate; start a fire; etc”); simple past tense and past participle of light (“alight: land, come down on”)(v) To run or light (alight).(aj) Illuminated.; Intoxicated or under the influence of drugs.; Sexually aroused (usually of a female), especially visibly sexually aroused.; Exciting, captivating; fun.; Excellent, fantastic; cool.(aj) Little.(n) Little.(n) Colour; blee; dye; stain.(v) To colour; dye.(n) Clipping of literature.
litany: (n) A ritual liturgical prayer in which a series of prayers recited by a leader are alternated with responses from the congregation.; A prolonged or tedious list.
litchi: (n) Synonym of lychee
lite: (aj) Abridged; refers to a simpler or unpaid version of a product.; Light in composition, notably low in fat, calories etc. Most commonly used commercially.; Lightweight; Informal spelling of light.; Lacking substance or seriousness; watered down.(n) Archaic form of light (“window or aperture in a building”).(n) A little, bit.(aj) few; little(v) To expect; wait.; To rely.(n) The act of waiting; a wait.
liter: (n) Alternative form of litre, one cubic decimeter.
lithe: (v) To go.(aj) Mild; calm.; Slim but not skinny.; Capable of being easily bent; flexible.; Adaptable.(v) To become calm.; To make soft or mild; soften; alleviate; mitigate; lessen; smooth; palliate.(v) To attend; listen, hearken.; To listen to, hearken to.(n) Shelter.
lithia: (n) Lithium oxide, Li₂O, used in the manufacture of ceramics and glass.
lithic: (aj) Relating to stone; Relating to rock; Relating to lithium; Relating to the formation of uric acid concretions (stones) in the bladder and other parts of the body; pertaining to Native American culture before circa 8,500 B.C.E.(n) A stone tool or projectile; A medicine that prevents stone in the bladder.; A lithic fragment: a piece of another rock eroded down to sand size.
litho: (aj) Clipping of lithographic.(n) Clipping of lithograph.(v) To lithograph.
lithoes: (v) plural of litho
litmus: (n) A dyestuff extracted from certain lichens, that changes color when exposed to pH levels greater than or less than certain critical levels.; A simple test of acidity in a liquid using litmus, usually in the form of litmus paper.; A simple test of any attribute; a litmus test.
litre: (n) The metric unit of fluid measure, equal to one cubic decimetre. Symbols: l, L, ℓ; A measure of volume equivalent to a litre.
litres: (n) plural of litre
litter: (n) A platform mounted on two shafts, or a more elaborate construction, designed to be carried by two (or more) people to transport one (in luxury models sometimes more) third person(s) or (occasionally in the elaborate version) a cargo, such as a religious idol.; The offspring of a mammal born in one birth.; Material used as bedding for animals.; Collectively, items discarded on the ground.; Absorbent material used in an animal's litter tray; Layer of fallen leaves and similar organic matter in a forest floor.; A covering of straw for plants.(v) To drop or throw trash without properly disposing of it (as discarding in public areas rather than trash receptacles).; To scatter carelessly about.; To strew (a place) with scattered articles.; To give birth to, used of animals.; To produce a litter of young.; To supply (cattle etc.) with litter; to cover with litter, as the floor of a stall.; To be supplied with litter as bedding; to sleep or make one's bed in litter.
little: (aj) Small in size.; Insignificant, trivial.; Used to belittle a person.; Very young.; Younger.; Used with the name of a place, especially of a country or its capital, to denote a neighborhood whose residents or storekeepers are from that place.; To imply that the inhabitants of the place have an insular attitude and are hostile to those they perceive as foreign.; Having few members.; Operating on a small scale.; Short in duration; brief.; Small in extent of views or sympathies; narrow; shallow; contracted; mean; illiberal; ungenerous.(av) Not much.; Not at all.(d) Not much, only a little: only a small amount (of).(P) Not much; not a large amount.(n) A small amount.; The participant in ageplay who acts out the younger role.; A newly initiated member of a sorority.
Little: (N) A surname.
lituus: (n) A military trumpet.; An augur's staff with a recurved top.; A curve with polar equation r²𝜃=a², where a is a constant.
lituuses: (n) plural of lituus
live: (v) To be alive; to have life.; To have permanent residence somewhere, to inhabit, to reside.; (of an object) to have its proper place; to normally be stored.; To survive; to persevere; to continue.; To endure in memory; to escape oblivion.; To cope.; To pass life in a specified manner.; To spend, as one's life; to pass; to maintain; to continue in, constantly or habitually.; To act habitually in conformity with; to practice; to exemplify in one's way of life.; To live as; to live being.; To outlast danger; to float (said of a ship, boat, etc).; To maintain or support one's existence; to provide for oneself; to feed; to subsist.; To make the most of life; to experience a full, rich life.(aj) Having life; that is alive.; Being in existence; actual.; Having active properties; being energized.; Operational; in actual use rather than in testing etc.; Of an object or value: that may potentially be used in the future execution of a program.; Taken from a living animal.; Imparting power; having motion.; Still in active play.; Of a card: not yet dealt or played.; Being broadcast ("on the air"), as it happens.; In person.; Recorded from a performance in front of an audience.; Of firearms or explosives, capable of causing harm.; Of an environment where sound is recorded: having noticeable reverberation.; Electrically charged or energized, usually indicating that the item may cause electrocution if touched.; Being a bet which can be raised by the bettor, usually in reference to a blind or straddle.; Featuring humans; not animated, in the phrases “live actors” or “live action”.; Being in a state of ignition; burning.; Full of earnestness; active; wide awake; glowing.; Vivid; bright.(av) Of an event, as it happens; in real time; direct.; Of making a performance or speech, in person.
lived: (v) simple past tense and past participle of live(aj) Having a specified duration of life.
lively: (aj) Full of life; energetic.; Bright, glowing, vivid; strong, vigorous.; Endowed with or manifesting life; living.; Representing life; lifelike.; Airy; animated; spirited.; Fizzy; foamy; tending to produce a large head in the glass.(n) Term of address.(av) Vigorously.; Vibrantly, vividly.; In a lifelike manner.
Lively: (N) A surname.; An urban area of Sudbury, Ontario, Canada.; An unincorporated community in Benton County, Missouri.; An unincorporated community in Kaufman County, Texas.; An unincorporated community in Lancaster County, Virginia.; An unincorporated community in Fayette County, West Virginia.
liven: (v) To cause to be more lively, or to become more lively.(v) plural simple present of live
liver: (n) A large organ in the body that stores and metabolizes nutrients, destroys toxins and produces bile. It is responsible for thousands of biochemical reactions.; This organ, as taken from animals used as food.; A dark brown colour, tinted with red and gray, like the colour of liver.(aj) Of the colour of liver (dark brown, tinted with red and gray).(n) Someone who lives (usually in a specified way).(aj) comparative form of live: more live
Liver: (aj) From or pertaining to Liverpool.
livers: (n) plural of liver
Livers: (N) A surname, from Dutch.
livery: (n) Any distinctive identifying uniform worn by a group, such as the uniform worn by chauffeurs and male servants.; The whole body of liverymen, members of livery companies.; The paint scheme of a vehicle or fleet of vehicles.; A taxicab or limousine.; The delivery of property from one owner to the next.; The writ by which property is obtained.; The rental of horses or carriages; the rental of canoes; the care and/or boarding of horses for money.; A stable that keeps horses or carriages for rental.; An allowance of food; a ration, as given out to a family, to servants, to horses, etc.; Release from wardship; deliverance.; A low grade of wool.; Outward markings, fittings or appearance(v) To clothe.(aj) Like liver.; Queasy, liverish.
lives: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of live(n) plural of life
livid: (aj) Having a dark, bluish appearance.; Pale, pallid.; So angry that one turns pale; very angry; furious.
living: (v) present participle of live(aj) Having life; alive.; In use or existing.; Of everyday life.; True to life.; Of rock or stone, existing in its original state and place.; Continually updated; not static; Used as an intensifier.(n) The state of being alive.; Financial means; a means of maintaining life; livelihood; A style of life.; A position in a church (usually the Church of England) that has attached to it a source of income; an ecclesiastical benefice.
livre: (n) A unit of currency formerly used in France, divided into 20 sols or sous.; An ancient French unit of weight, equal to about 1 avoirdupois pound.
livres: (n) plural of livre
Livy: (N) Titus Livius, a Roman historian; A diminutive of the female given name Olivia.
lizard: (n) Any reptile of the order Squamata that is not a snake or an amphisbaenian, usually having four legs, external ear openings, movable eyelids and a long slender body and tail.; Lizard skin, the skin of these reptiles.; An unctuous person.; A coward.; A hand forming a "D" shape with the tips of the thumb and index finger touching (a handshape resembling a lizard), that beats paper and Spock and loses to rock and scissors in rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock.; A person who idly spends time in a specified place, especially a promiscuous female.
Lizard: (N) A peninsula in southern Cornwall, England.(N) A village in Landewednack parish, on the peninsula near Lizard Point, Cornwall, the most southerly village in England, also known as Lizard Town (OS grid ref SW7012)
llama: (n) A South American mammal of the camel family, Lama glama, used as a domestic beast of burden and a source of wool and meat.
llamas: (n) plural of llama
llano: (n) A plain or steppe in parts of Latin America.
Llano: (N) A surname.; An unincorporated community in Los Angeles County, California, United States.; A city, the county seat of Llano County, Texas, United States.; the Llano River in Texas. From Spanish llano.
Lloyd: (N) A surname, from Welsh of Welsh origin, from a nickname for someone with grey hair.; A male given name transferred from the surname.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community and census-designated place in Jefferson County, Florida.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Greenup County, Kentucky.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Blaine County, Montana.; A number of places in the United States:; A town in Ulster County, New York.; A number of places in the United States:; A former settlement in Portage County, Ohio.
lo: (i) look, see, behold (in an imperative sense).(aj) Informal spelling of low.(ab) hello ('lo; see hallo)
Lo: (N) An abbreviated form of surnames beginning with "Lo-".(N) Alternative form of Luo
loach: (n) A bottom-feeding freshwater fish in the superfamily or suborder Cobitoidea.; Any true loach, of the family Cobitidae.; A bottom-feeding freshwater fish in the superfamily or suborder Cobitoidea.; A similar fish in one of three other families of Cypriniformes: Botiidae, Balitoridae, and Gyrinocheilidae.(n) Synonym of LOH (light observation helicopter)
load: (n) A burden; a weight to be carried.; A worry or concern to be endured, especially in the phrase a load off one's mind.; A certain number of articles or quantity of material that can be transported or processed at one time.; A quantity of washing put into a washing machine for a wash cycle.; Used to form nouns that indicate a large quantity, often corresponding to the capacity of a vehicle; A large number or amount.; The volume of work required to be performed.; The force exerted on a structural component such as a beam, girder, cable etc.; The electrical current or power delivered by a device.; A resistive force encountered by a prime mover when performing work.; Any component that draws current or power from an electrical circuit.; A unit of measure for various quantities.; The viral load; A very small explosive inserted as a gag into a cigarette or cigar.; The charge of powder for a firearm.; Weight or violence of blows.; The contents (e.g. semen) of an ejaculation.; Nonsense; rubbish.; The process of loading something, i.e. transferring it into memory or over a network, etc.; An acronym that later became a noun describing a person that spent all day online "Living Online All Day." The term was originally used in the late 1980s to describe users on free Q-Link (later America Online) accounts who never signed off the system at great expense to the company.(v) To put a load on or in (a means of conveyance or a place of storage).; To place in or on a conveyance or a place of storage.; To put a load on something.; To receive a load.; To be placed into storage or conveyance.; To fill (a firearm or artillery) with munition.; To insert (an item or items) into an apparatus so as to ready it for operation, such as a reel of film into a camera, sheets of paper into a printer etc.; To fill (an apparatus) with raw material.; To be put into use in an apparatus.; To read (data or a program) from a storage medium into computer memory.; To transfer from a storage medium into computer memory.; To put runners on first, second and third bases; To tamper with so as to produce a biased outcome.; To ask or adapt a question so that it will be more likely to be answered in a certain way.; To encumber with something negative, to place as an encumbrance.; To provide in abundance.; To weight (a cane, whip, etc.) with lead or similar.; To adulterate or drug.; To magnetize.
loaded: (v) simple past tense and past participle of load(aj) Burdened by some heavy load; packed.; Having a live round of ammunition in the chamber.; Possessing great wealth.; Drunk.; Pertaining to a situation where there is a runner at each of the three bases.; Of a die or dice: weighted asymmetrically, and so biased to produce predictable throws.; Designed to produce a predictable answer, or to lay a trap.; Having strong connotations that colour the literal meaning and are likely to provoke an emotional response. Sometimes used loosely to describe a word that simply has many different meanings.; Equipped with numerous options.; Covered with a topping or toppings.; Weighted with lead or similar.
loaden: (v) To charge or burden with a load; to burden or freight; To load a gun or pistol(v) past participle of load
loader: (n) Agent noun of load; a person or device that loads.; A program that prepares other programs for execution.; A tractor with a scoop, for example: front-end loader, front loader, endloader, payloader, bucket loader, wheel loader, etc.; An incentive given to a dealer.
Loader: (N) A surname.
loads: (av) Lots, much, plenty, a great deal.(n) plural of load(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of load
loaf: (n) A block of bread after baking.; Any solid block of food, such as meat or sugar.; Shortened from "loaf of bread", the brain or the head (mainly in the phrase use one's loaf).; A solid block of soap, from which standard bars are cut.(v) To do nothing, to be idle.; To headbutt, (from loaf of bread)
loafed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of loaf
loafer: (n) An idle person.; A shoe with no laces, resembling a moccasin.(n) A wolf, especially a grey or timber wolf.
loam: (n) A type of soil; an earthy mixture of sand, silt and clay, with organic matter to which its fertility is chiefly due.; A mixture of sand, clay, and other materials, used in making moulds for large castings, often without a pattern.(v) To cover, smear, or fill with loam.(aj) Made of loam; consisting of loam.
loamy: (aj) Consisting of loam; partaking of the nature of loam; resembling loam.
loan: (n) An act or instance of lending, an act or instance of granting something for temporary use.; A sum of money or other property that a natural or legal person borrows from another with the condition that it be returned or repaid over time or at a later date (sometimes with interest).; The contract and array of legal or ethical obligations surrounding a loan.; The permission to borrow any item.(v) To lend (something) to (someone).(n) A lonnen.
loaned: (v) simple past tense and past participle of loan
loans: (n) plural of loan(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of loan
loast: (v) plural of loose
loath: (aj) Averse, disinclined; reluctant, unwilling.; Angry, hostile.; Loathsome, unpleasant.(v) Obsolete spelling of loathe
loathe: (v) To detest, hate, or revile (someone or something).
loaves: (n) plural of loaf(n) plural of loave
lob: (v) To throw or hit a ball into the air in a high arch.; To throw.; To put, place.; To hit, kick, or throw a ball over another player in a game.; To let fall heavily or lazily.(n) A pass or stroke which arches high into the air.(n) A lump.; A country bumpkin; a yokel.; A clumsy person.; The person who comes last in a race.; A lobworm.(n) A fish, the European pollock.(v) To cob (chip off unwanted pieces of stone).
LOB: (n) line of business
lobar: (aj) Of or relating to a lobe.
lobate: (aj) Lobed.; Resembling a lobe.
lobby: (n) An entryway or reception area; vestibule; passageway; corridor.; That part of a hall of legislation not appropriated to the official use of the assembly.; A class or group of interested people who try to influence public officials; collectively, lobbyists.; A virtual area where players can chat and find opponents for a game.; An apartment or passageway in the fore part of an old-fashioned cabin under the quarter-deck.; A confined place for cattle, formed by hedges, trees, or other fencing, near the farmyard.; A margin along either side of the playing field in the sport of kabaddi.; A waiting area in front of a bank of elevators.(v) To attempt to influence (a public official or decision-maker) in favor of a specific opinion or cause.(n) scouse (from lobscouse)
lobe: (n) Any projection or division, especially one of a somewhat rounded form.; A clear division of an organ that can be determined at the gross anatomy level, especially one of the parts of the brain, liver or lung.; A semicircular pattern left on the ice as the skater travels across it.
lobes: (n) plural of lobe
lobo: (n) A wolf.
Lobo: (N) A surname.
lobule: (n) Diminutive of lobe:; A small lobe; a subdivision of a lobe.; Diminutive of lobe:; In liverworts with bilobed leaves, the smaller of the two lobes, sometimes modified to form a sac.
local: (aj) From or in a nearby location.; Having limited scope (either lexical or dynamic); only being accessible within a certain portion of a program.; Applying to each point in a space rather than the space as a whole.; Of or pertaining to a restricted part of an organism.; Descended from an indigenous population.(n) A person who lives near a given place.; A branch of a nationwide organization such as a trade union.; Clipping of local train.; One's nearest or regularly frequented public house or bar.; A locally scoped identifier.; An item of news relating to the place where the newspaper is published.; Clipping of local anesthetic.; An independent trader who acts for themselves rather than on behalf of investors.; A Twitter user who is not a part of Stan Twitter.(av) In the local area; within a city, state, country, etc.
locale: (n) The place where something happens.; The set of settings related to the language and region in which a computer program executes. Examples are language, currency and time formats, character encoding etc.; A partially ordered set with the following additional axiomatic properties: any finite subset of it has a meet, any arbitrary subset of it has a join, and distributivity, which states that a binary meet distributes with respect to an arbitrary join. (Note: locales are just like frames except that the category of locales is opposite to the category of frames.)
locate: (v) To place; to set in a particular spot or position.; To find out where something is located.; To designate the site or place of; to define the limits of (Note: the designation may be purely descriptive: it need not be prescriptive.); To place oneself; to take up one's residence; to settle.
loch: (n) A lake.; A bay or arm of the sea.(n) Alternative form of lohoch (“medicine taken by licking”)
Loch: (N) A surname.
lochia: (n) Normal post-partum vaginal discharge; blood, mucus, and placental tissue that are discharged from a female's vagina (similar to menstruation) for several weeks after she has given birth.
lochias: (n) plural of lochia
loci: (n) plural of locus
locis: (n) plural of loci
lock: (n) Something used for fastening, which can only be opened with a key or combination.; A mutex or other token restricting access to a resource.; A segment of a canal or other waterway enclosed by gates, used for raising and lowering boats between levels.; The firing mechanism.; Complete control over a situation.; Something sure to be a success.; A player in the scrum behind the front row, usually the tallest members of the team.; A fastening together or interlacing; a closing of one thing upon another; a state of being fixed or immovable.; A place impossible to get out of, as by a lock.; A device for keeping a wheel from turning.; A grapple in wrestling.(v) To become fastened in place.; To fasten with a lock.; To be capable of becoming fastened in place.; To intertwine or dovetail.; To freeze one's body or a part thereof in place.; To furnish (a canal) with locks.; To raise or lower (a boat) in a lock.; To seize (e.g. the sword arm of an antagonist) by turning the left arm around it, to disarm him.; To modify (a thread) so that users cannot make new posts in it.; To prevent a page from being edited by other users.(n) A tuft or length of hair, wool etc.; A small quantity of straw etc.; A quantity of meal, the perquisite of a mill-servant.
Lock: (N) A surname.
locke: (n) Archaic spelling of lock.
Locke: (N) An English surname — famously held by; John Locke (1632 – 1704); an influential English philosopher of the Enlightenment and social contract theorist.
locked: (v) simple past tense and past participle of lock(aj) Having undergone locking; secured by a lock.; Very drunk.; Bound to a carrier.
locker: (n) A type of storage compartment with a lock, usually used to store personal possessions for public use, such as in schools, railway stations, place of work, gyms, sports centers.; One who locks something.; A locking differential.; A customs officer who guards a warehouse.
Locker: (N) A surname.
locket: (n) A pendant that opens to reveal a space used for storing a photograph or other small item.; The upper metallic cap of a sword’s scabbard.; A small white marking on a cat's coat.
Locket: (N) A surname, from given names.
locks: (n) plural of lock(n) a head of hair, tresses; Dreadlocks.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lock
Locks: (N) A surname.
lockup: (n) A jail cell, or a period of incarceration.; A storage unit with a door secured by a padlock or deadbolt; a garage; A condition in which one or more of a vehicle's wheels suddenly cease to rotate due to the application of excessive brake force, causing the affected wheel(s) to skid.; A condition where a system stops responding to inputs; a freeze.; A device for locking type into position for printing.; A fixed layout involving one or more logos and possibly related text.
loco: (av) A direction in written or printed music to be returning to the proper pitch after having played an octave higher or lower.(aj) Crazy.; Intoxicated by eating locoweed.(n) A certain species of Astragalus or Oxytropis, capable of causing locoism.(v) To poison with the loco plant; to affect with locoism.; To render insane.(n) A locomotive.
locule: (n) A little hollow; a loculus.
locum: (n) Short for locum tenens.; A period working as a locum tenens.(n) A share in a Genoese trading vessel.
locus: (n) A place or locality, especially a centre of activity or the scene of a crime.; The set of all points whose coordinates satisfy a given equation or condition.; A fixed position on a chromosome that may be occupied by one or more genes.; A passage in writing, especially in a collection of ancient sacred writings arranged according to a theme.
locust: (n) Any of the grasshoppers, often polyphenic and usually swarming, in the family Acrididae that are very destructive to crops and other vegetation, (especially) the migratory locust (Locusta migratoria).; A fruit or pod of the carob tree.; Any of various often leguminous trees and shrubs, especially of the genera Robinia and Gleditsia; the locust tree.; A cicada.; A Mainlander.(v) To come in a swarm.
Locust: (N) A surname.
lode: (n) A way or path; a road.; A watercourse.; A vein of metallic ore that lies within definite boundaries, or within a fissure.; A rich source of supply.
loden: (n) A thick waterproof cloth used for garments.; A dark green colour, like that of loden cloth.(aj) Of a dark green colour, like that of loden cloth.
Loden: (N) A surname.
lodge: (n) A building for recreational use such as a hunting lodge or a summer cabin.; Short for porter's lodge: a building or room near the entrance of an estate or building, especially (UK, Canada) as a college mailroom.; A local chapter of some fraternities, such as freemasons.; A local chapter of a trade union.; A rural hotel or resort, an inn.; A beaver's shelter constructed on a pond or lake.; A den or cave.; The chamber of an abbot, prior, or head of a college.; The space at the mouth of a level next to the shaft, widened to permit wagons to pass, or ore to be deposited for hoisting; called also platt.; A collection of objects lodged together.; An indigenous American home, such as tipi or wigwam. By extension, the people who live in one such home; a household.; A family of Native Americans, or the persons who usually occupy an Indian lodge; as a unit of enumeration, reckoned from four to six persons.(v) To be firmly fixed in a specified position.; To stay in a boarding-house, paying rent to the resident landlord or landlady.; To stay in any place or shelter.; To drive (an animal) to covert.; To supply with a room or place to sleep in for a time.; To put money, jewellery, or other valuables for safety.; To place (a statement, etc.) with the proper authorities (such as courts, etc.).; To become flattened, as grass or grain, when overgrown or beaten down by the wind.; To cause to flatten, as grass or grain.
Lodge: (N) A surname.; An unincorporated community in Sangamon Township, Piatt County, Illinois, United States.; An unincorporated community in the western part of Lorance Township, Bollinger County, Missouri, United States.; A town in Colleton County, South Carolina, United States.; An unincorporated community in Northumberland County, Virginia, United States.
lodged: (v) simple past tense and past participle of lodge(aj) lying down; used of beasts of the chase, as couchant is used of beasts of prey.
lodger: (n) A person who lodges in another's house (compare tenant).
lodges: (n) plural of lodge(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lodge
Lodges: (N) plural of Lodge
loess: (n) Any sediment, dominated by silt, of eolian (wind-blown) origin
Loewe: (N) A surname.
loft: (n) air, the air; the sky, the heavens.; An attic or similar space (often used for storage) in the roof of a house or other building.; The thickness of a soft object when not under pressure.; A gallery or raised apartment in a church, hall, etc.; The pitch or slope of the face of a golf club (tending to drive the ball upward).; A floor or room placed above another.(v) To propel high into the air.; To fly or travel through the air, as though propelled; To throw the ball erroneously through the air instead of releasing it on the lane's surface.; To furnish with a loft space.; To raise (a bed) on tall supports so that the space beneath can be used for something else.(aj) lofty; proud; haughty
LOFT: (n) loss of fluid test
Loft: (N) A surname.
lofty: (aj) high, tall, having great height or stature; idealistic, implying over-optimism; extremely proud; arrogant; haughty
Lofty: (N) nickname for a tall (usually male) person
log: (n) The trunk of a dead tree, cleared of branches.; Any bulky piece as cut from the above, used as timber, fuel etc.; A unit of length equivalent to 16 feet, used for measuring timber, especially the trunk of a tree.; Anything shaped like a log; a cylinder.; A floating device, usually of wood, used in navigation to estimate the speed of a vessel through water.; A blockhead; a very stupid person.; A heavy longboard.; A rolled cake with filling.; A weight or block near the free end of a hoisting rope to prevent it from being drawn through the sheave.; A piece of feces.; A penis.(v) To cut trees into logs.; To cut down (trees).; To cut down trees in an area, harvesting and transporting the logs as wood.(n) A logbook, or journal of a vessel (or aircraft)'s progress; A chronological record of actions, performances, computer/network usage, etc.; Specifically, an append-only sequence of records written to file.(v) To make, to add an entry (or more) in a log or logbook.; To travel (a distance) as shown in a logbook; To travel at a specified speed, as ascertained by chip log.(v) To move to and fro; to rock.(n) A Hebrew unit of liquid volume (about ¹⁄₃ liter).(n) Synonym of logarithm.; A difference of one in the logarithm, usually in base 10; an order of magnitude.
logan: (n) A rocking or balanced stone.(n) A marsh.
Logan: (N) A town in Ayrshire, Scotland, from lagan (“dell”).; A Scottish habitational surname, from Scottish Gaelic, from the town in Ayrshire.; An Irish surname, from Irish, a variant of Lohan.; A male given name transferred from the surname. Used since at least the 19th century, and popular in the 2000s.; A female given name transferred from the surname, of 1990s and later usage; much less common than the male name.; A city, the county seat of Cache County, Utah; named for the river rising in the Bear River Mts.; A neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.; A city, the county seat of Hocking County, Ohio; named for Mingo leader Chief Logan.; A city, the county seat of Logan County, West Virginia; named for Chief Logan.; A city, the county seat of Harrison County, Iowa; named for Union Army general John A. Logan.; A village in New Mexico.; A city in Kansas; named for John A. Logan.; A locality in Victoria.; A river in Queensland, Australia; flowing from near Mount Barney into the Moreton Bay at Woongoolba.; A river in the United States; flowing from the Bear River Mountains in Idaho into the Little Bear River at Benson, Utah.; An unincorporated community in Dearborn County, Indiana; named for nearby Logan Creek.; An unincorporated community in Lawrence County, Indiana.; An unincorporated community in Greene County, Missouri; named for a local family.; An unincorporated community in Lawrence County, Missouri; named for landowners William and Hetty E. Logan.; An unincorporated community in Montana; named for Capt. William Logan, who participated in the campaign against American Indians in Montana.; An unincorporated community in Nebraska.; An unincorporated community in Wisconsin.
loge: (n) A booth or stall.; The lodge of a concierge.; An upscale seating region in a modern concert hall or sports venue, often in the back lower tier, or on a separate tier above the mezzanine.; An exclusive box or seating region in older theaters and opera houses, having wider, softer, and more widely spaced seats than in the gallery.
Loge: (N) A moon of Saturn.
loges: (n) plural of loge
logger: (n) A worker whose occupation is to harvest trees.; That which logs, such as a computer program to keep track of events.
loggia: (n) A roofed, open gallery, usually on an upper level.
logia: (n) plural of logion
logic: (aj) logical(n) A method of human thought that involves thinking in a linear, step-by-step manner about how a problem can be solved. Logic is the basis of many principles including the scientific method.; The study of the principles and criteria of valid inference and demonstration.; The mathematical study of relationships between rigorously defined concepts and of mathematical proof of statements.; A formal or informal language together with a deductive system or a model-theoretic semantics.; Any system of thought, whether rigorous and productive or not, especially one associated with a particular person.; The part of a system (usually electronic) that performs the boolean logic operations, short for logic gates or logic circuit.(v) To engage in excessive or inappropriate application of logic.; To apply logical reasoning to.; To overcome by logical argument.
login: (n) A combination of a user's identification and password used to enter a computer, program, network, etc.; The process of logging in.(v) Misspelling of log in.
Login: (N) A surname.; A hamlet in west Carmarthenshire, Wales (OS grid ref SN1623).
logion: (n) A traditional saying of a religious leader.; A saying that is attributed to Jesus in ancient or reconstructed texts that was (originally) handed down without narrative context.
logions: (n) plural of logion
logjam: (n) An excess of logs being conveyed on a river, so that their motion halts.; A clog or such jam or mess that halts or greatly delays progress.
logo: (n) A visual symbol or emblem that acts as a trademark or a means of identification of a company or organization.; An audio recording for the same purpose; a jingle.; A single graphic which contains one or more separate elements.; An ensign, a badge of office, rank, or power.
Logo: (N) A programming language that uses turtle graphics to teach children the elements of programming.
logos: (n) A form of rhetoric in which the writer or speaker uses logic as the main argument.; Alternative letter-case form of Logos(n) plural of logo
Logos: (N) In Ancient Greek philosophy, the rational principle that governs the cosmos.; The Word of God, which itself has creative power; a hypostasis associated with divine wisdom.; The Word of God as incarnate in Jesus Christ, or as identified with the second person of the Trinity; Jesus; God the Son; Word of God.
logs: (n) plural of log(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of log
logway: (n) An engineered route for transporting logs over a dam.
logy: (aj) Slow to respond or react; lethargic.(n) A term formed with the -logy suffix.
loin: (n) The part of the body (of humans and quadrupeds) at each side of the backbone, between the ribs and hips; Any of several cuts of meat taken from this part of an animal
loins: (n) plural of loin(n) The pubic region.; The reproductive organs.
Loire: (N) The longest river in France.; One of the departments in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes, France. Capital: Saint-Étienne
Loiret: (N) One of the departments in Centre-Val de Loire, France. Capital: Orleans (INSEE code 45).
Lois: (N) The grandmother of Timothy who is mentioned in an epistle to him.; A female given name from Ancient Greek of biblical origin.
loiter: (v) To stand about without any aim or purpose; to stand about idly.; To remain at a certain place instead of moving on.; For an aircraft to remain in the air near a target.(n) A standing or strolling about without any aim or purpose.
Loki: (N) The god of mischief and trickery; growing progressively evil, he kills Balder, and is bound until Ragnarok, the end of the world.
loll: (v) To act lazily or indolently while reclining; to lean; to lie at ease.; To hang extended from the mouth, like the tongue of an animal heated from exertion.; To let (the tongue) hang from the mouth in this way.
lolled: (v) simple past tense and past participle of loll.; simple past tense and past participle of lol.
lollop: (v) To walk or move with a bouncing or undulating motion and at an unhurried pace.; To act lazily, loll, lie around.
lolly: (n) A piece of hard candy on a stick; a lollipop.; Money.; Any confection made from sugar, or high in sugar content; a sweet, a piece of candy.; An easy catch.; A lump.(n) Snow or fine ice floating on water.
Lolly: (N) A diminutive of the female given names Laura or Louise.
loment: (n) A type of modified legume that breaks apart at constrictions occurring between the segments of the seeds.
London: (N) The capital city of the United Kingdom; capital city of England. Situated near the mouth of the River Thames in southeast England, with a metropolitan population of more than 13,000,000.; A former administrative county in England, created in 1889 from parts of Kent, Middlesex and Surrey, and merged into Greater London in 1965.; The government of the United Kingdom.; A city in southwestern Ontario, Canada, with a population of approximately 300,000.; A small agricultural village in the commune of Savigny-sur-Seille, Saône-et-Loire department, Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region, France.; A village in Kiritimati atoll, Kiribati.; An urban neighborhood of the city of Belgrade, Serbia.; Several places in the United States:; A small city in Pope County, Arkansas, with a population of approximately 900.; Several places in the United States:; A census-designated place in Tulare County, California, with a population of approximately 1,800.; Several places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Moral Township, Shelby County, Indiana.; Several places in the United States:; A city, the county seat of Laurel County, Kentucky, with a population of approximately 8,000.; Several places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Freeborn County, Minnesota.; Several places in the United States:; A city, the county seat of Madison County, Ohio, with a population of approximately 9,000.; Several places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Kimble County, Texas, with a population of approximately 180.; Several places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Kanawha County, West Virginia.; Several places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Dane County and Jefferson County, Wisconsin.; A habitational surname for someone from London.; A unisex given name transferred from the place name.
lone: (aj) Solitary; having no companion.; Isolated or lonely; lacking companionship.; Sole; being the only one of a type.; Situated by itself or by oneself, with no neighbours.; Unfrequented by human beings; solitary.; Single; unmarried, or in widowhood.
lonely: (aj) Unhappy because of feeling isolated from contact with other people.; Unfrequented by people; desolate.; Without companions; solitary.
loner: (n) One who is alone, lacking or avoiding the company of others.
long: (aj) Having much distance from one terminating point on an object or an area to another terminating point (usually applies to horizontal dimensions; see Usage Notes below).; Having great duration.; Seemingly lasting a lot of time, because it is boring or tedious or tiring.; Not short; tall.; Possessing or owning stocks, bonds, commodities or other financial instruments with the aim of benefiting of the expected rise in their value.; Of a fielding position, close to the boundary (or closer to the boundary than the equivalent short position).; Landing beyond the baseline, and therefore deemed to be out.; Of betting odds, offering a very large return for a small wager.; Occurring or coming after an extended interval; distant in time; far away.(n) A long vowel.; A long syllable.; A note formerly used in music, one half the length of a large, twice that of a breve.; A long integer variable, twice the size of an int, two or four times the size of a short, and half of a long long.; An entity with a long position in an asset.; A long-term investment.; The long summer vacation at the English universities.(v) To take a long position in.(av) Over a great distance in space.; For a particular duration.; For a long duration.(v) To await, aspire, desire greatly (something to occur or to be true).(aj) On account of, because of.(v) To be appropriate to, to pertain or belong to.(n) longitude(v) To belong.
Long: (N) A surname, from nicknames. Originally a nickname for a tall man.(N) A surname, from Chinese.; A county of Baoji, Shaanxi, China.
longa: (p) Belonging to; of, in, at, to.(n) A musical note equal to two or three breves, i.e. four or six whole notes.
longan: (n) An evergreen tree, Dimocarpus longan, of the Sapindaceae family, native to southern China.; The fruit from the longan tree.
longe: (v) To work (a horse) in a circle at the end of a long line or rope.(n) A long rope or flat web line, more commonly referred to as a longe line, approximately 20-30 feet long, attached to the bridle, longeing cavesson, or halter of a horse and used to control the animal while longeing.; A lunge; a thrust.; The training ground for a horse.(n) plural of longa
Longe: (N) A surname.
longed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of long
longer: (aj) comparative form of long: more long(av) comparative form of long: more long(n) One who longs or yearns for something.
longs: (n) plural of long(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of long(n) Long trousers/pants, as opposed to shorts.
loo: (i) A cry to urge on hunting dogs.(v) To urge on with cries of loo or (figuratively) by other shouting or outcry.(n) Alternative form of lanterloo: the card game.; The penalty paid to the pool in lanterloo for breaking certain rules or failing to take a trick.; An act that prompts such a penalty.; A game of lanterloo.; Any group of people.(v) To beat in the card game lanterloo.; To pay a penalty to the pool for breaking certain rules or failing to take a trick in lanterloo.; To pay any penalty to any community.(n) A half-mask, particularly (historical) those velvet half-masks fashionable in the 17th century as a means of protecting women's complexion from the sun.(n) A hot dust-bearing wind found in Bihar, Uttar Pradesh and the Punjab.(n) A lavatory: a room used for urination and defecation.; A toilet: a fixture used for urination and defecation.(n) Lieutenant.
Loo: (N) A surname.
loobier: (adj) plural of looby
loobiest: (adj) plural of looby
looby: (n) A large and awkward or clumsy person; an oaf.
Looby: (N) A surname, from Irish.
look: (v) To try to see, to pay attention to with one’s eyes.; As an intransitive verb, often with "at".; To try to see, to pay attention to with one’s eyes.; As a transitive verb, often in the imperative; chiefly takes relative clause as direct object.; To appear, to seem.; To give an appearance of being.; To search for, to try to find.; To face or present a view.; To expect or anticipate.; To express or manifest by a look.; To make sure of, to see to.; To show oneself in looking.; To look at; to turn the eyes toward.; To seek; to search for.; To influence, overawe, or subdue by looks or presence.; To look at a pitch as a batter without swinging at it.(i) Pay attention.(n) The action of looking; an attempt to see.; Physical appearance, visual impression.; A facial expression.
Look: (N) A surname, from given names.(N) A surname, from Chinese.
looked: (v) simple past tense and past participle of look(aj) Having the specified look or appearance.
looker: (n) One that looks or is actively looking; a watcher; an observer.; One having a specific look or appearance.; Someone or something who is remarkably good-looking.; A person who pretends to be interested in purchasing something but has no intention of doing so.
Looker: (N) A surname.
looks: (n) plural of look(n) One's appearance or attractiveness.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of look
loom: (n) A utensil; tool; a weapon; (usually in compound) an article in general.; A frame or machine of wood or other material, in which a weaver forms cloth out of thread; a machine for interweaving yarn or threads into a fabric, as in knitting or lace making.; The part of an oar which is between the grip or handle and the blade; the shaft.(n) loon (bird of order Gaviiformes)(v) To appear indistinctly, eg. when seen on the horizon or through the murk.; To appear in an exaggerated or threatening form; (of a person or thing) to tower; (of an idea) to impressively or intimidatingly occupy the mind; (of an event) to be imminent.; To rise and to be eminent; to be elevated or ennobled, in a moral sense.(n) A distorted appearance of something as seen indistinctly or from afar.
loomed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of loom
looms: (n) plural of loom(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of loom
loon: (n) An idler, a lout.; A boy, a lad.; A harlot; mistress.; A simpleton.; A crazy or deranged person.; An English soldier of an expeditionary army in Ireland.(n) Any of various birds, of the order Gaviiformes, of North America and Europe that dive for fish and have a short tail, webbed feet and a yodeling cry.
looney: (aj) Alternative spelling of loony(n) Alternative spelling of loony
Looney: (N) A surname, from Irish.
loons: (n) plural of loon; Synonym of loon pants
loony: (aj) Insane.; Very silly, absurd.(n) An insane or very foolish person.
loop: (n) A length of thread, line or rope that is doubled over to make an opening.; The opening so formed.; A shape produced by a curve that bends around and crosses itself.; A ring road or beltway.; An endless strip of tape or film allowing continuous repetition.; A complete circuit for an electric current.; A programmed sequence of instructions that is repeated until or while a particular condition is satisfied.; An edge that begins and ends on the same vertex.; A path that starts and ends at the same point.; A bus or rail route, walking route, etc. that starts and ends at the same point.; A place at a terminus where trains or trams can turn round and go back the other way without having to reverse; a balloon loop, turning loop, or reversing loop.; A quasigroup with an identity element.; A loop-shaped intrauterine device.; An aerobatic maneuver in which an aircraft flies a circular path in a vertical plane.; A small, narrow opening; a loophole.; Alternative form of loup (mass of iron).; A flexible region in a protein's secondary structure.(v) To form something into a loop.; To fasten or encircle something with a loop.; To fly an aircraft in a loop.; To move something in a loop.; To join electrical components to complete a circuit.; To duplicate the route of a pipeline.; To create an error in a computer program so that it runs in an endless loop and the computer freezes up.; To form a loop.; To move in a loop.; To place in a loop.
Loop: (N) A surname.
looped: (v) simple past tense and past participle of loop(aj) having loops; formed into a loop; whorled; drunk
looper: (n) An instrument or tool, such as a bodkin, for forming a loop in yarn or cord, etc.; A moth having a caterpillar which arches its body into a loop in order to bring the back part of the body forward as it walks due to having fewer prolegs, including inchworms or measuring worms in the family Geometridae and some species in the family Noctuidae.; A (usually electronic) tool for creating music loops.; A golf caddy
Looper: (N) A surname.
loops: (n) plural of loop(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of loop
Loops: (N) plural of Loop
loopy: (aj) Having loops.; Idiotic, crazy or drunk.
Loopy: (N) A surname.
loor: (adj) plural of lief
loose: (v) To let loose, to free from restraints.; To unfasten, to loosen.; To make less tight, to loosen.; Of a grip or hold, to let go.; To shoot (an arrow).; To set sail.; To solve; to interpret.(aj) Not fixed in place tightly or firmly.; Not held or packaged together.; Not under control.; Not fitting closely; Not compact.; Relaxed.; Not precise or exact; vague; indeterminate.; Indiscreet.; Free from moral restraint; immoral, unchaste.; Not being in the possession of any competing team during a game.; Not costive; having lax bowels.; Measured loosely stacked or disorganized (such as of firewood).(n) The release of an arrow.; A state of laxity or indulgence; unrestrained freedom, abandonment.; All play other than set pieces (scrums and line-outs).; Freedom from restraint.; A letting go; discharge.(i) begin shooting; release your arrows(v) Misspelling of lose.
Loose: (N) A surname.
loosed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of loose
loosen: (v) To make loose.; To become loose.; To disengage (a device that restrains).; To become unfastened or undone.; To free from restraint; to set at liberty.; To relieve (the bowels) from constipation; to promote defecation.; To create a breach or rift between (two parties).; To sail away (from the shore).
looser: (aj) comparative form of loose: more loose(n) One who looses, who sets loose or frees.(n) Misspelling of loser.
loot: (n) A scoop used to remove scum from brine pans in saltworks.(n) Synonym of booty, goods seized from an enemy by violence, particularly (historical) during the sacking of a town in war or (video games) after successful combat.; Synonym of sack, the plundering of a city, particularly during war.; Any valuable thing received for free, especially Christmas presents.; Synonym of money.(v) Synonym of plunder, to seize by violence particularly during the capture of a city during war or (video games) after successful combat.; Synonym of rob, to steal something from someone by violence or threat of violence.(n) Clipping of lieutenant.
looted: (v) simple past tense and past participle of loot
looten: (v) plural of let
lop: (v) To cut off as the top or extreme part of anything, especially to prune a small limb off a shrub or tree, or sometimes to behead someone.; To hang downward; to be pendent; to lean to one side.; To allow to hang down.(n) That which is lopped from anything, such as branches from a tree.(n) A flea.(n) (usually offensive) A disabled person, a cripple.; Any of several breeds of rabbits whose ears lie flat.
Lop: (N) A county of Hotan prefecture, Xinjiang, China.; A town in Lop, Hotan prefecture, Xinjiang, China.
lope: (v) To travel an easy pace with long strides.; To jump, leap.(n) An easy pace with long strides.
lopped: (v) simple past tense and past participle of lop
loppier: (adj) plural of loppy
loppies: (n) plural of loppy
loppiest: (adj) plural of loppy
loppy: (aj) Somewhat lop; inclined to lop.
loquat: (n) The Eriobotrya japonica tree.; The fruit of this tree. It is as large as a small plum, but grows in clusters, and contains four or five large seeds.
lor: (pa) Used to convey a sense of resignation.; Emphasizes the inferability of a conclusion.
Lor: (N) A surname.
LORAN: (n) Pseudo-acronym of long-range navigation.
Loran: (N) A surname.(n) Alternative form of LORAN
LORANS: (n) plural LORAN
lord: (n) The master of the servants of a household; (historical) the master of a feudal manor; The male head of a household, a father or husband.; The master of the servants of a household; (historical) the master of a feudal manor; The owner of a house, piece of land, or other possession; One possessing similar mastery over others; (historical) any feudal superior generally; any nobleman or aristocrat; any chief, prince, or sovereign ruler; in Scotland, a male member of the lowest rank of nobility (the equivalent rank in England is baron); A feudal tenant holding his manor directly of the king; One possessing similar mastery over others; (historical) any feudal superior generally; any nobleman or aristocrat; any chief, prince, or sovereign ruler; in Scotland, a male member of the lowest rank of nobility (the equivalent rank in England is baron); A peer of the realm, particularly a temporal one; One possessing similar mastery over others; (historical) any feudal superior generally; any nobleman or aristocrat; any chief, prince, or sovereign ruler; in Scotland, a male member of the lowest rank of nobility (the equivalent rank in England is baron); A baron or lesser nobleman, as opposed to greater ones; One possessing similar mastery in figurative senses (esp. as lord of ~); A magnate of a trade or profession.; The heavenly body considered to possess a dominant influence over an event, time, etc.; A hunchback.; Sixpence.(v) Domineer or act like a lord.; To invest with the dignity, power, and privileges of a lord; to grant the title of lord.
Lord: (N) The Abrahamic deity of the Jewish, Christian, and Islamic faiths.; The God of Abraham and the Jewish scriptures.; The Abrahamic deity of the Jewish, Christian, and Islamic faiths.; God the Father; the Godhead.; Jesus Christ, God the Son.; Any other deity particularly important to a religion or a worshipper.; An English surname, from nicknames, originally a nickname for someone who either acted as if he were a lord or had worked in a lord's household.(i) An interjection variously expressing astonishment, surprise, resignation.(n) A formal title of the lesser British nobility, used as a shortened form for a Lord of the Manor and Lord Proprietor.; A generic title used in reference to any peer of the British nobility or any peer below the dignity of duke and (as a courtesy title) for the younger sons of dukes and marquesses (see usage note).; Similar formal and generic titles in other countries.; An additional title added to denote the dignity of certain high officials, such as the "Lord Mayors" of major cities in the British Commonwealth; The elected president of a festival.; A high priest.
LORD: (N) Typographical variant of Lord, particularly in English translations of the Bible.
lorded: (v) simple past tense and past participle of lord
lordly: (aj) Of or relating to a lord.; Having the qualities of a lord; lordlike; noble; Appropriate for, or suitable to, a lord; glorious.; Proud; haughty; imperious; insolent.(av) In the manner of a lord. Showing command or nobility.
Lordly: (aj) Alternative form of lordly
lords: (n) plural of lord(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lord
Lords: (n) plural of Lord(N) the House of Lords
lore: (n) All the facts and traditions about a particular subject that have been accumulated over time through education or experience.; The backstory created around a fictional universe.; Workmanship.(n) The region between the eyes and nostrils of birds, reptiles, and amphibians.; The anterior portion of the cheeks of insects.(v) simple past tense and past participle of lose; simple past tense and past participle of lose, used in the sense of "left"; simple past tense and past participle of lese
Loren: (N) A male given name from German Lorenz, Spanish Lorenzo, or Italian Lorenzo, all in turn derived from Latin Laurentius (“Lawrence”).; A female given name from Latin, of rare usage, variant of Lauren.
Lorenz: (N) A German surname, from German of Latin origin.(n) A blind-landing aid used at German military airfields.
lorica: (n) A cuirass, originally of leather, afterward of plates of metal or horn sewed on linen or the like.; Lute for protecting vessels from the fire.; The protective case or shell of a Loricifera, infusorian or rotifer
loricas: (n) plural of lorica
loris: (n) Any of several small, slow-moving primates, of the family Lorisidae, found in India and southeast Asia.
lorn: (aj) Doomed; lost.; Abandoned, forlorn, lonely.(v) past participle of lese.
lorner: (adj) plural of lorn
lornest: (adj) plural of lorn
lorry: (n) A motor vehicle for transporting goods, and in some cases people; a truck.; a truck with an open carriage; A barrow or truck for shifting baggage, as at railway stations.; A small cart or wagon used on the tramways in mines to carry coal or rubbish.; A large, low, horse-drawn, four-wheeled wagon without sides; also, a similar wagon modified for use on railways.(v) To transport by, or as if by, lorry.
Lors: (N) plural of Lor
lory: (n) Any of various small, brightly coloured parrots native to Australasia. They are usually classified in the subfamily Loriinae.
lose: (v) To cause (something) to cease to be in one's possession or capability due to unfortunate or unknown circumstances, events or reasons.

If you lose that ten-pound note, you'll be sorry.; To have (an organ) removed from one's body, especially by accident.; To cause (something) to cease to be in one's possession or capability due to unfortunate or unknown circumstances, events or reasons.

If you lose that ten-pound note, you'll be sorry.; To shed (weight).; To cause (something) to cease to be in one's possession or capability due to unfortunate or unknown circumstances, events or reasons.

If you lose that ten-pound note, you'll be sorry.; To experience the death of (someone to whom one has an attachment, such as a relative or friend).; To cause (something) to cease to be in one's possession or capability due to unfortunate or unknown circumstances, events or reasons.

If you lose that ten-pound note, you'll be sorry.; To give or owe (money) after losing a bet.; To wander from; to miss, so as not to be able to find; to go astray from.; To fail to win (a game, competition, trial, etc).; To be unable to follow or trace (somebody or something) any longer.; To cause (somebody) to be unable to follow or trace one any longer.; To cease exhibiting; to overcome (a behavior or emotion).; To shed, remove, discard, or eliminate.; Of a clock, to run slower than expected.; To cause (someone) the loss of something; to deprive of.; To fail to catch with the mind or senses; to miss.(n) Fame, renown; praise.
Lose: (N) A surname, from German.
losel: (n) A worthless or despicable person, scoundrel.(aj) Worthless; wasteful.
loser: (n) A person who loses; one who fails to win or thrive.; Something of poor quality.; A person who is frequently unsuccessful in life.; A contemptible or unfashionable person.; One who or that which loses something, such as extra weight, car keys, etc.; A person convicted of a crime, especially more than once.
Loser: (N) A surname, from German.
losers: (n) plural of loser
Losers: (N) plural of Loser
loses: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lose
losing: (v) present participle of lose(aj) That loses or has lost.(n) The process by which something is lost; a loss.
loss: (n) The result of no longer possessing an object, a function, or a characteristic due to external causes or misplacement.; The destruction or ruin of an object.; Something that has been destroyed or ruined.; Defeat; an instance of being defeated.; The death of a person or animal.; The condition of grief caused by losing someone or something, especially someone who has died.; The sum an entity loses on balance.; Electricity of kinetic power expended without doing useful work.(v) Alternative spelling of lost
losses: (n) plural of loss
lost: (v) simple past tense and past participle of lose(aj) Having wandered from, or unable to find, the way.; In an unknown location; unable to be found.; Not perceptible to the senses; no longer visible.; Parted with; no longer held or possessed.; Not employed or enjoyed; thrown away; employed ineffectually; wasted; squandered.; Ruined or destroyed, either physically or morally; past help or hope.; Hardened beyond sensibility or recovery; alienated; insensible.; Occupied with, or under the influence of, something, so as not to notice external things.
lot: (n) A large quantity or number; a great deal.; A separate portion; a number of things taken collectively.; One or more items auctioned or sold as a unit, separate from other items.; A number of people taken collectively.; A distinct portion or plot of land, usually smaller than a field.; That which happens without human design or forethought.; Anything (as a die, pebble, ball, or slip of paper) used in determining a question by chance, or without human choice or will.; The part, or fate, that falls to one, as it were, by chance, or without his planning.; A prize in a lottery.; Allotment; lottery.; All members of a set; everything.; An old unit of weight used in many European countries from the Middle Ages, often defined as 1/30 or 1/32 of a (local) pound.(v) To allot; to sort; to apportion.; To count or reckon (on or upon).
Lot: (N) A nephew of Abraham in the Bible and Quran.; A male given name from Hebrew of biblical origin; rare today.; One of the departments of Occitanie, France, formerly in Midi-Pyrénées. Capital: Cahors (INSEE code 46)
lota: (n) A spherical pot, specifically a water pot used for washing and ablution, typically made of brass.; A person who switches loyalties, especially from one political party to another.
loth: (aj) Alternative form of loath(n) A measure of weight formerly used in Germany, the Netherlands and some other parts of Europe, equivalent to half of the local ounce.
Loth: (N) A surname.
lotic: (aj) Characterised by flowing water; swiftly flowing; concerned with flowing rivers, streams, etc.; Living in flowing water; adapted to life in flowing water.
lotion: (n) A low- to medium-viscosity topical preparation intended for application to unbroken skin.; A washing, especially of the skin for the purpose of beautification.(v) To cover or treat with a lotion.
lots: (n) plural of lot(n) A lot; a great deal; tons; loads.(av) A great deal; very much.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lot
lotto: (n) a game of chance similar to bingo; a lottery
lotus: (n) A kind of aquatic plant, genus Nelumbo in the family Nelumbonaceae.; A water lily, genus Nymphaea, especially those of Egypt or India.; A legendary plant eaten by the Lotophagi of the Odyssey that caused drowsiness and euphoria.; A number of other plants bearing lotus in their scientific or common names (see Derived terms below).; Diospyros lotus, date plum or Caucasian persimmon.; A number of other plants bearing lotus in their scientific or common names (see Derived terms below).; Lotus, a terrestrial genus with small flowers that includes bird's-foot trefoils and deervetches.; A number of other plants bearing lotus in their scientific or common names (see Derived terms below).; Ziziphus lotus, a shrub species with edible fruit.; An architectural motif of ancient Egyptian temples.
Lotus: (N) A British manufacturer of cars.; A few places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in El Dorado County, California. Former names: Marshall and Uniontown.; A few places in the United States:; An unincorporated community and former village on Merritt Island, Brevard County, Florida.; A few places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Union County, Indiana.; A few places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Bullitt County, Kentucky.
loud: (aj) Of great intensity.; Noisy.; Not subtle or reserved, brash.; Having unpleasantly and tastelessly contrasting colours or patterns; gaudy.; High-quality; premium; (by extension) having a strong or pungent odour indicating good quality(n) A loud sound or part of a sound.; High-quality marijuana.(av) Loudly.
Loud: (N) A surname.; Clipping of McLoud.: A surname, from Scottish Gaelic.; A placename; Ellipsis of River Loud; A placename; Ellipsis of Loud Township
louden: (v) To become louder.
Louden: (N) A surname.; An unincorporated community in Adams County, Ohio, United States.
louder: (aj) comparative form of loud: more loud
Louder: (N) A surname.
loudly: (av) In a loud manner; at a high volume.
lough: (n) A lake or long, narrow inlet, especially in Ireland.(n) lake, pool
Lough: (N) A surname.
louis: (n) Any gold or silver coin issued by the French kings from Louis XIII to Louis XVI and bearing their image on the obverse side, particularly the gold louis d'ors, originally a French form of the Spanish doubloon but varying in value between 10 and 24 livres.; The louis d'or constitutionnel, a 24-livre gold coin issued by the First French Republic.; The franc germinal or napoleon, a similar gold coin issued by Napoleon and bearing his image on the obverse, worth 20 francs.
Louis: (N) A male given name from French.; A female given name(n) Alternative letter-case form of louis: various gold and silver coins issued by the French kings.
lounge: (v) To relax; to spend time lazily; to stand, sit, or recline, in an indolent manner.(n) A place where one can lounge; an area, establishment, house etc. where loungers gather and where one can relax and be at ease.; The act of someone who lounges; idle reclining.; The living room or sitting room of a house.; A large comfortable seat for two or three people or more, a sofa or couch; also called lounge chair.; A waiting room in an office, airport etc.; An establishment, similar to a bar, that serves alcohol and often plays background music or shows television.
loup: (n) A mass of iron in a pasty condition gathered into a ball for the tilt hammer or rolls.
Loup: (N) An extinct Algonquian language.
loupe: (n) A magnifying glass, usually mounted in an eyepiece, often used by jewellers and watchmakers.; A type of short-range binoculars used by surgeons and dentists.
Loupe: (N) A surname.
louped: (v) plural of loup
loupen: (v) plural of loup
loupit: (v) plural of loup
loups: (n) plural of loup
lour: (v) To frown; to look sullen.; To be dark, gloomy, and threatening, as clouds; of the sky: to be covered with dark and threatening clouds; to show threatening signs of approach, as a tempest.(n) A frown, a scowl; an angry or sullen look.; Of the sky, the weather, etc.: a dark, gloomy, and threatening appearance.
louse: (n) A small parasitic wingless insect of the order Psocodea.; A contemptible person; one who is deceitful or causes harm.(v) To remove lice from; to delouse.
lousy: (aj) Remarkably bad; of poor quality.; Dirty or untidy.; Underhanded; mean; contemptible.; Infested with lice.; Filled or packed (with something, usually bad).
lout: (n) A troublemaker, often violent; a rude violent person; a yob.; A clownish, awkward fellow; a bumpkin.(v) To treat as a lout or fool; to neglect; to disappoint.(v) To bend, bow, stoop.
Louth: (N) A county (County Louth) in the Republic of Ireland.; A village in County Louth, Ireland; A market town and civil parish with a town council in East Lindsey district, Lincolnshire, England (OS grid ref TF3287).
louvar: (n) Luvarus imperialis, a large ellipsoidal perciform fish related to the surgeonfish.
louver: (n) A type of turret on the roof of certain medieval buildings designed to allow ventilation or the admission of light.; A series of sloping overlapping slats or boards which admit air and light but exclude rain etc.; Any of a system of slits, as in the hood of an automobile, for ventilation.
louvre: (n) Alternative form of louver
Louvre: (N) A famous art museum and former royal palace in Paris, France.
lovage: (n) A perennial Mediterranean herb, Levisticum officinale, with odor and flavor resembling celery.; A liquor made from this herb.; Various species in the genus Ligusticum (generally with an adjective to differentiate them from Levisticum)
love: (n) A deep caring for the existence of another.; Strong affection.; A profound and caring affection towards someone.; Strong affection.; Affectionate, benevolent concern or care for other people or beings, and for their well-being.; Strong affection.; A feeling of intense attraction towards someone.; Strong affection.; A deep or abiding liking for something; an enthusiasm for something.; A person who is the object of romantic feelings; a darling, a sweetheart, a beloved.; A term of friendly address, regardless of feelings.; A thing, activity, etc. which is the object of one's deep liking or enthusiasm.; Sexual desire; attachment based on sexual attraction.; Sexual activity.; An instance or episode of being in love; a love affair.; Used as the closing, before the signature, of a letter, especially between good friends or family members, or by the young.; Alternative letter-case form of Love (“personification of love”).; A thin silk material.; A climbing plant, Clematis vitalba.(v) To have a strong affection for (someone or something).; To need, thrive on.; To be strongly inclined towards something; an emphatic form of like.; To care deeply about, to be dedicated to (someone or something).; To derive delight from a fact or situation.; To have sex with (perhaps from make love).(n) Zero, no score.; Nothing; no recompense.(v) Alternative form of lofe (“to praise, sell”)
Love: (N) A surname.; A male given name; A female given name; Cupid, Eros or another personification of love.; An unincorporated community in Butler County, Kentucky.
loved: (v) simple past tense and past participle of love(aj) Being the object of love.
Lovell: (N) An English surname, from Anglo-Norman.
lovely: (aj) Beautiful; charming; very pleasing in form, looks, tone, or manner.; Very nice, wonderful.; Inspiring love or friendship; amiable.; Loving, filled with love.(n) An attractive, lovely person, especially a (professional) beauty.; Term of fond address.; A lovely object.(av) In a lovely fashion or manner; beautifully.(aj) Worthy of praise.
Lovely: (N) A surname.; An unincorporated community in Martin County, Kentucky, United States.
lover: (n) One who loves and cares for another person in a romantic way; a sweetheart, love, soulmate, boyfriend, girlfriend or spouse.; A sexual partner, especially one with whom someone is having an affair.; A person who loves something.; An informal term of address for any friend.(n) Obsolete form of louver.
lovers: (n) plural of lover
loves: (n) plural of love(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of love
Loves: (N) plural of Love
loving: (n) The action of the verb to love.(aj) Expressing a large amount of love to other people; affectionate.(v) present participle of love
Loving: (N) A surname.; A village in New Mexico; An unincorporated community in Oklahoma; An unincorporated community in Young County, Texas.
low: (aj) Situated close to, or even below, the ground or another normal reference plane; not high or lofty.; Pertaining to (or, especially of a language: spoken in) in an area which is at a lesser elevation, closer to sea level (especially near the sea), than other regions.; Situated close to, or even below, the ground or another normal reference plane; not high or lofty.; Below the batter's knees.; Of less than normal height or upward extent or growth, or of greater than normal depth or recession; below the average or normal level from which elevation is measured.; Low-cut.; Not high in status, esteem, or rank, dignity, or quality. (Compare vulgar.); Humble, meek, not haughty.; Disparaging; assigning little value or excellence.; Being a nadir, a bottom.; Depressed in mood, dejected, sad.; Lacking health or vitality, strength or vivacity; feeble; weak.; Dead. (Compare lay low.); Small, not high (in amount or quantity, value, force, energy, etc).; Having a small or comparatively smaller concentration of (a substance, which is often but not always linked by "in" when predicative).; Small, not high (in amount or quantity, value, force, energy, etc).; Depleted, or nearing deletion; lacking in supply.; Simple in complexity or development.; Favoring simplicity (see e.g. low church, Low Tory).; Being near the equator.; Grave in pitch, due to being produced by relatively slow vibrations (wave oscillations); flat.; Quiet; soft; not loud.; Made with a relatively large opening between the tongue and the palate; made with (part of) the tongue positioned low in the mouth, relative to the palate.; Lesser in value than other cards, denominations, suits, etc.; Not rich or seasoned; offering the minimum of nutritional requirements; plain, simple.; Designed for a slow (or the slowest) speed.(n) A low point or position, literally (as, a depth) or or figuratively (as, a nadir, a time when things are at their worst, least, minimum, etc).; The minimum atmospheric temperature recorded at a particular location, especially during one 24-hour period.; A period of depression; a depressed mood or situation.; An area of low pressure; a depression.; The lowest-speed gearing of a power-transmission system, especially of an automotive vehicle.; The lowest trump, usually the deuce; the lowest trump dealt or drawn.; A cheap, cost-efficient, or advantageous price.(av) Close to the ground.; Of a pitch, at a lower frequency.; With a low voice or sound; not loudly; gently.; Under the usual price; at a moderate price; cheaply.; In a low mean condition; humbly; meanly.; In a time approaching our own.; In a path near the equator, so that the declination is small, or near the horizon, so that the altitude is small; said of the heavenly bodies with reference to the diurnal revolution.(v) To lower; to make low.(v) simple past of laugh.(v) To moo.(n) A flame; fire; blaze.(v) To burn; to blaze.(n) Barrow, mound, tumulus.; A hill.
Low: (N) A surname.
lowboy: (n) A low chest of drawers.
lowe: (n) Alternative form of low ("flame").
Lowe: (N) A surname.(v) A slang term for "allow", means allow it. Ex: (leave it, forget or don't worry about it)
lowed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of low
Lowell: (N) A surname, from Anglo-Norman, a variant of Lovell.; A male given name transferred from the surname.; A city in Middlesex County, Massachusetts; named for American businessman Francis Cabot Lowell.; A town in Lake County, Indiana; named for the city in Massachusetts.; A city in Arkansas.; A city in Michigan.; A city in North Carolina; named for the city in Massachusetts.; A town and village Wisconsin.; A city in Oregon; named for the town in Maine.; A town in Vermont.; A village in Washington County, Ohio; named for the city in Massachusetts.; A town in Maine; named for Lowell Hayden, the first white child born in the area.; An unincorporated community in California.; An unincorporated community in Florida; named for the city in Massachusetts.; An unincorporated community in Idaho; named for postmaster Henry Lowell.; An unincorporated community in Bartholomew County, Indiana.; An unincorporated community in Seneca County, Ohio.; An unincorporated community in West Virginia; named for businessmen A. C. and Erastus Preston Lowe.
lower: (aj) comparative form of low: more low; bottom; more towards the bottom than the middle of an object; Situated on lower ground, nearer a coast, or more southerly.; older(av) comparative form of low: more low(v) To let descend by its own weight, as something suspended; to let down; to pull down; To reduce the height of; To depress as to direction; To make less elevated; To reduce the degree, intensity, strength, etc., of; To bring down; to humble; (lower oneself) To humble oneself; to do something one considers to be beneath one's dignity.; To reduce (something) in value, amount, etc.; To fall; to sink; to grow less; to diminish; to decrease; To decrease in value, amount, etc.; To reduce operations to single machine instructions, as part of compilation of a program.(v) Alternative spelling of lour
Lower: (N) A surname.
lowers: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lower
Lowers: (N) A surname.(N) plural of Lower
lowest: (aj) superlative form of low: most low(av) superlative form of low: most low
lowing: (v) present participle of low(n) The sound of something that lows.
lowly: (aj) Not high; not elevated in place; low.; Low in rank or social importance.; Not lofty or sublime; humble.; Having a low esteem of one's own worth; humble; meek; free from pride.(av) In a low manner; humbly; meekly; modestly.; In a low condition; meanly.; At low pitch or volume.
lowry: (n) An open boxcar used on railroads.
Lowry: (N) A surname, from given names.; A city and town in Minnesota.; A town in South Dakota.
lox: (n) Salmon cured in brine and then smoked in low temperature so that the flesh remains uncooked.(n) Liquid oxygen (molecular oxygen in liquid form).
LOx: (n) Alternative form of lox (“liquid oxygen”)
LOX: (n) Alternative form of lox (liquid oxygen)
loxed: (v) plural of lox
loxes: (v) plural of lox
loxing: (v) plural of lox
loyal: (aj) Having or demonstrating undivided and constant support for someone or something.; Firm in allegiance to a person or institution.; Faithful to a person or cause.
Loyal: (N) A surname, from French.; A town in Kingfisher County, Oklahoma, United States.; A city in Clark County, Wisconsin, United States.
luau: (n) An elaborate Hawaiian feast featuring traditional foods and entertainment.
lubber: (n) A clumsy or lazy person.; An inexperienced or novice sailor; a landlubber.
lubra: (n) A female Aboriginal Australian.
lubric: (aj) Having a smooth surface; slippery.; Lascivious; wanton; lewd.
Lucan: (N) The Roman poet Marcus Annaeus Lucanus.(N) A large village in County Dublin, Ireland.(aj) Alternative form of Lukan; relating to Luke the Evangelist.
luce: (n) The pike, Esox lucius, when fully grown.
Luce: (N) A surname.
lucent: (aj) Emitting light; shining, luminous.; Translucent; clear, lucid.
lucid: (aj) clear; easily understood; mentally rational; sane; bright, luminous, translucent or transparent(n) A lucid dream.
Lucid: (N) A surname, from Irish.
Lucina: (N) The Roman goddess of childbirth, midwives and babies, daughter of Jupiter and Juno and counterpart of the Greek Eileithyia; alternatively regarded as an aspect of Juno (and used as an epithet).; 146 Lucina, a main belt asteroid.; A female given name from Latin.
lucite: (n) Alternative letter-case form of Lucite
Lucite: (N) The tough transparent thermoplastic polymethyl methacrylate (PMMA).
lucites: (n) plural of lucite
luck: (n) Something that happens to someone by chance, a chance occurrence, especially a favourable one.; A superstitious feeling that brings fortune or success.; Success.; The results of a random number generator.(v) To find something through good fortune; used with into, on, onto or upon.
Luck: (N) A surname, from given names.
lucky: (aj) Favoured by luck; fortunate; having good success or good fortune.; Producing, or resulting in, good fortune(n) seven
Lucky: (N) A surname.
lucre: (n) Money, riches, or wealth, especially when seen as having a corrupting effect or causing greed, or obtained in an underhanded manner.
lucres: (n) plural of lucre
lucy: (n) The pike (a kind of fish).
Lucy: (N) A female given name from Latin.; A surname, from Old French derived from place names in Normandy based on a male personal name, from Latin Lucius.; The fossilized partial skeleton of a female Australopithecus afarensis, an early hominin; also, the individual whose skeleton this was.; The drug LSD.
lud: (n) lord (used in addressing a judge)
Ludlow: (aj) Of a geologic epoch within the Silurian period from about 423 to 419 million years ago; marked by the appearance of the millipedes.(N) A town in Shropshire, England.; The Ludlow epoch.; A surname.
lues: (n) A plague or disease, especially syphilis.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lue
luetic: (aj) Of or pertaining to lues (syphilis).(n) A person who has lues (syphilis); a syphilitic (but see people-first language).
luetically: (adv) plural of luetic
luff: (n) The vertical edge of a sail that is closest to the direction of the wind.; The act of sailing a ship close to the wind.; The roundest part of a ship's bow.; The forward or weather leech of a sail, especially of the jib, spanker, and other fore-and-aft sails.(v) To shake due to being trimmed improperly.; To alter course to windward so that the sails luff. (Alternatively luff up); to let out (a sail) so that it luffs.; To alter the vertical angle of the jib of a crane so as to bring it level with the load.
Luff: (N) A surname.
luffa: (n) Alternative spelling of loofah
lug: (n) The act of hauling or dragging.; That which is hauled or dragged.; Anything that moves slowly.; A lug nut.; A device for terminating an electrical conductor to facilitate the mechanical connection; to the conductor it may be crimped to form a cold weld, soldered or have pressure from a screw.; A part of something which sticks out, used as a handle or support.; A large, clumsy, awkward man; a fool.; An ear or ear lobe.; A wood box used for transporting fruit or vegetables.; A request for money, as for political purposes.; A rod or pole.; A measure of length equal to 16+¹⁄₂ feet.; A lugsail.; The leather loop or ear by which a shaft is held up.; A loop (or protuberance) found on both arms of a hinge, featuring a hole for the axis of the hinge.; A ridge or other protuberance on the surface of a body to increase traction or provide a hold for holding and moving it.; A lugworm.(v) To haul or drag along (especially something heavy); to carry; to pull.; To run at too slow a speed.; To carry an excessive amount of sail for the conditions prevailing.; To pull toward the inside rail ("lugging in") or the outside rail ("lugging out") during a race.
Lug: (N) Alternative spelling of Lugh
luge: (n) A racing sled for one or two people that is ridden with the rider or riders lying on their back.; The sport of racing on luges.; A piece of bone, ice or other material with a channel down which a drink (usually alcoholic) can be poured into someone's mouth.(v) To ride a luge; also, to participate in the sport of luge.; To slide or slip down a slope.
luger: (n) Someone who competes in the luge.
Luger: (N) A surname, from German.(n) A German semiautomatic pistol used by their troops in both World Wars.
lugged: (v) simple past tense and past participle of lug(aj) Constructed with lugs.; Having ears.
lugger: (n) That which lugs in either literal or figurative senses.; One who lugs, especially one whose job entails pulling or moving heavy objects.; A conman.; A person hired by a gambling establishment to locate potential customers and bring them in.(n) A small vessel having two or three masts, and a running bowsprit, and carrying lugsails.(n) An Indian falcon (Falco jugger), similar to the European lanner and the American prairie falcon.
lugs: (n) plural of lug (“ear lobes”)(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lug
luit: (v) plural of let
luiten: (v) plural of let
luke: (aj) lukewarm
Luke: (N) A male given name; Luke the Evangelist, an early Christian credited with the authorship of the Gospel of Luke and the Acts of the Apostles.; The Gospel of St. Luke, a book of the New Testament of the Bible. Traditionally the third of the four gospels.; An English patronymic surname, from given names, a variant of Luck.; An Irish patronymic surname, a later anglicization of Lúcás (Lucas).; A village in Čajniče, Bosnia and Herzegovina.; A village in Hadžići, Bosnia and Herzegovina.; A village in Pale, Bosnia and Herzegovina.; A village in Tartu, Estonia.; A village in Kriva Palanka, North Macedonia.; A village in Moravica district, Serbia.; A town in Maryland, United States; named for papermaker William Luke.
lull: (n) A period of rest or soothing.; A period of reduced activity; a respite; A period without waves or wind.; An extended pause between sets of waves.(v) To cause to rest by soothing influences; to compose; to calm; To become gradually calm; to subside; to cease or abate.
Lull: (N) A surname.
lulled: (v) simple past tense and past participle of lull
lulls: (n) plural of lull(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lull
Lulls: (N) plural of Lull
lully: (i) Alternative form of lullay(n) Wet or drying linen.; A shirt.
lulu: (n) A remarkable person, object or idea.; A very attractive or alluring person.; A very bad mistake or error.; A fixed allowance paid to a legislator in lieu of reimbursement for actual expenses.
Lulu: (N) A diminutive of the female given names Louisa, Louise, or Lucy
LULU: (n) Locally unwanted land use.
lum: (n) A chimney.; A ventilating chimney over the shaft of a mine.; A woody valley.; A deep pool.
Lum: (N) A English surname, from place names.; A surname, from Chinese.(N) A diminutive of the male given name Columbus
lumbar: (aj) Related to the lower back or loin, specifically the five vertebrae between the rib cage and the pelvis.(n) The lumbar region.; A lumbar vertebra.
lumber: (n) Old furniture or other items that take up room, or are stored away.; Useless or cumbrous material.; A pawnbroker's shop, or room for storing articles put in pawn; hence, a pledge, or pawn.; Wood sawn into planks or otherwise prepared for sale or use, especially as a building material.; A baseball bat.; An erect penis.(v) To move clumsily and heavily; to move slowly.; To load down with things, to fill, to encumber, to impose an unwanted burden on; To heap together in disorder.; To fill or encumber with lumber.
lumen: (n) In the International System of Units, the derived unit of luminous flux; the light that is emitted in a solid angle of one steradian from a source of one candela. Symbol: lm.; The cavity or channel within a tube or tubular organ.; The cavity bounded by a plant cell wall.; The bore of a tube such as a hollow needle or catheter.
lummox: (n) A clumsy, stupid person; an awkward bungler.
lump: (n) Something that protrudes, sticks out, or sticks together; a cluster or blob; a mound or mass of no particular shape.; A swelling or nodule of tissue under the skin or in an internal part of the body.; A group, set, or unit.; A small, shaped mass of sugar, typically about a teaspoonful.; A dull or lazy person.; A beating or verbal abuse.; A projection beneath the breech end of a gun barrel.; A kind of fish, the lumpsucker.; Food given to a tramp to be eaten on the road.(v) To treat as a single unit; to group together in a casual or chaotic manner (as if forming an ill-defined lump of the items).; To bear a heavy or awkward burden; to carry something unwieldy from one place to another.; To hit or strike (a person).
lumpen: (aj) Of or relating to social outcasts.; Of or relating to the lumpenproletariat.; Plebeian.(n) A member of the lumpenproletariat.(aj) Lump-like.(v) To make or become like lumps; make or become lumpy
lumper: (n) An extra laborer hired to assist in the loading or unloading of a truck or a ship.; A scientist in one of various fields who prefers to keep categories such as species or dialects together in larger groups.; A militiaman.(n) A lamprey.(v) to lumber; to plod
Lumper: (n) A variety of potato, best known as the variety that failed in the Irish potato famine.
lumps: (n) plural of lump(n) A beating or verbal abuse.
lumpy: (aj) Full of lumps, not smooth.; Of a water surface: covered in many small waves as a result of wind; choppy.
luna: (n) A luna moth: a member of species Actias luna.; A lunette: a crescent-shaped receptacle, often glass, for holding the (consecrated) host (the bread of communion) upright when exposed in the monstrance.(n) A foreman on a plantation.
Luna: (N) The sister of Aurora and Sol; the goddess of the moon; equivalent to the Greek Selene.; The name of Earth's moon; Moon.; A female given name from Latin.; A given name for a female pet.; Silver.
lunacy: (n) The state of being mad, insanity; a cyclical mental disease, apparently linked to the lunar phases; The state of being mad, insanity; insanity implying legal irresponsibility.; Something deeply misguided.
lunar: (aj) Of, pertaining to, or resembling the Moon (that is, Luna, the Earth's moon); Lunar.; Shaped like a crescent moon; lunate.; (Believed to be) influenced by the Moon, as in character, growth, or properties.; Of or pertaining to silver (which was symbolically associated with the Moon by alchemists).; Of or pertaining to travel through space between the Earth and the Moon, or exploration and scientific investigation of the Moon.(n) The middle bone of the proximal series of the carpus in the wrist, which is shaped like a half-moon.; An observation of a lunar distance (“the angle between the Moon and another celestial body”), especially for establishing the longitude of a ship at sea.
Lunar: (aj) Pertaining to Luna, the moon of Terra.
lunate: (aj) Shaped like a crescent.(n) A small stone artifact, probably an arrowhead, with a blunt straight edge and a sharpened, crescent-shaped back, especially characteristic of the Mesolithic Period; The lunate bone
lunch: (n) A light meal usually eaten around midday, notably when not as main meal of the day.; A break in play between the first and second sessions.; Any small meal, especially one eaten at a social gathering.(v) To eat lunch.; To treat to lunch.
lune: (n) A fit of lunacy or madness; a period of frenzy; a crazy or unreasonable freak.(n) A concave figure formed by the intersection of the arcs of two circles on a plane, or on a sphere the intersection between two great semicircles.; Anything crescent-shaped.(n) A leash for a hawk.
Lune: (N) A river in Lancashire, England, which passes Lancaster.
lung: (n) A biological organ of vertebrates that controls breathing and oxygenates the blood.; Capacity for exercise or exertion; breath.; That which supplies oxygen or fresh air, such as trees, parklands, forest, etc., to a place.
Lung: (N) A surname.
lungan: (n) Archaic form of longan.
lunge: (n) A sudden forward movement, especially with a sword.; A long rope or flat web line, more commonly referred to as a lunge line, approximately 20–30 feet long, attached to the bridle, lungeing cavesson, or halter of a horse and used to control the animal while lungeing.; An exercise performed by stepping forward one leg while kneeling with the other leg, then returning to a standing position.; A fish, the namaycush.(v) To (cause to) make a sudden forward movement (present participle: lunging).; To longe or work a horse in a circle around a handler (present participle: lunging or lungeing).
lunged: (v) simple past tense and past participle of lunge(aj) Having lungs (breathing organs).
lungi: (n) A garment worn around the waist, especially by men, in Southern India, Bangladesh, Burma, and Pakistan.
lungs: (n) plural of lung
Lungs: (N) plural of Lung
lunula: (n) Something shaped like a crescent or half-moon; especially the pale area at the base of the fingernail.
lupine: (aj) Of, or pertaining to, the wolf.; Wolflike; wolfish.; Having the characteristics of a wolf.; Ravenous.(n) North American English form of lupin (any plant of the genus Lupinus; an edible legume seed of one of these plants).
luppen: (v) plural of leap
lupus: (n) Any of a number of autoimmune diseases, the most common of which is systemic lupus erythematosus.
Lupus: (N) A summer constellation of the southern sky, said to resemble a wolf. It lies south of the constellation Libra.; A city and village in Missouri, United States.
lupuses: (n) plural of lupus
lur: (n) A long natural blowing horn without finger holes, played by embouchure.
Lur: (N) A Iranian ethnic group in the Lorestan region which speaks the Luri language.
lurch: (n) A sudden or unsteady movement.(v) To make such a sudden, unsteady movement.(v) To swallow or eat greedily; to devour; hence, to swallow up.(n) An old game played with dice and counters; a variety of the game of tables.; A double score in cribbage for the winner when his/her adversary has not yet pegged his/her 31st hole.(v) To leave someone in the lurch; to cheat.; To rob.; To evade by stooping; to lurk.; To defeat in the game of cribbage with a lurch (double score as explained under noun entry).
lurdan: (n) Alternative spelling of lurdane
lure: (n) Something that tempts or attracts, especially one with a promise of reward or pleasure.; An artificial bait attached to a fishing line to attract fish.; A bunch of feathers attached to a line, used in falconry to recall the hawk.; A velvet smoothing brush.(v) To attract by temptation, appeal, or guile.; To attract fish with a lure.; To recall a hawk with a lure.(n) A trumpet with long curved tube, used for calling cattle, etc.
lured: (v) simple past tense and past participle of lure
lures: (n) plural of lure
lurid: (aj) Shocking, horrifying.; Melodramatic.; Ghastly, pale, wan in appearance.; Being of a light yellow hue.; Having a brown colour tinged with red, as of flame seen through smoke.; Having a colour tinged with purple, yellow, and grey.
luring: (v) present participle of lure(n) allurement
lurk: (v) To remain concealed in order to ambush.; To remain unobserved.; To hang out or wait around a location, preferably without drawing attention to oneself.; To read an Internet forum without posting comments or making one's presence apparent.; To saddle (a person) with an undesirable task or duty.(n) The act of lurking.; A swindle.
lurked: (v) simple past tense and past participle of lurk
lurks: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lurk
Lusaka: (N) The capital city of Zambia.
lush: (aj) Juicy, succulent.; Mellow; soft; (of ground or soil) easily turned; fertile.; Dense, teeming with life; luxuriant.; Savoury, delicious.; Thriving; rife; sumptuous.; Beautiful, sexy.; Amazing, cool, fantastic, wicked.; Lax; slack; limp; flexible.(n) A drunkard, sot, alcoholic.; Intoxicating liquor.; A person who enjoys talking about themselves.(v) To drink (liquor) to excess.
Lush: (N) A surname.
lushies: (n) plural of lushy
lushy: (aj) Given to drinking alcohol.; Drunk; tipsy.; Lush; growing abundantly.
lust: (n) A feeling of strong desire, especially such a feeling driven by sexual arousal.; A general want or longing, not necessarily sexual.; A delightful cause of joy, pleasure.; virility; vigour; active power(v) To look at or watch with a strong desire, especially of a sexual nature.
luster: (n) Shine, polish or sparkle.; Brilliance, attractiveness or splendor.; Refinement, polish or quality.; A candlestick, chandelier, girandole, etc. generally of an ornamental character.; A substance that imparts lustre to a surface, such as plumbago or a glaze.; Lusterware.; A fabric of wool and cotton with a lustrous surface, used for women's dresses.(v) To gleam, have luster.; To give luster, distinguish.; To give a coating or other treatment to impart physical luster.(n) Alternative form of lustrum: A five-year period, especially (historical) in Roman contexts.(n) One who lusts or is inflamed with lust.
Luster: (N) A surname, from German.
lustre: (n) Alternative form of luster (shine, etc.); The way in which the surface of any particular type of mineral reflects light differently from other minerals, which is helpful in telling minerals apart.; A glass ornament such as a prism or cut glass dangling beneath a chandelier; usually in clusters or festoons; A chandelier, particularly one decorated with glass lustres(v) Alternative form of luster(n) Alternative form of luster: A 5-year period, especially (historical) in Roman contexts.
lusts: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lust
lusty: (aj) Exhibiting lust (in the obsolete sense meaning "vigor"); strong, healthy, robust; vigorous; full of sap or vitality.; Hearty, merry, gleesome, enthusiastic, lively, stirring.; Given to experiencing lust; enjoying physical sensations; lustful.; Beautiful; handsome; pleasant.; Of large size; big.; With child.
lute: (n) A fretted stringed instrument of European origin, similar to the guitar, having a bowl-shaped body or soundbox; any of a wide variety of chordophones with a pear-shaped body and a neck whose upper surface is in the same plane as the soundboard, with strings along the neck and parallel to the soundboard.(v) To play on a lute, or as if on a lute.(n) Thick sticky clay or cement used to close up a hole or gap, especially to make something air-tight.; A packing ring, as of rubber, for fruit jars, etc.; A straight-edged piece of wood for striking off superfluous clay from earth.(v) To fix or fasten something with lute.
Lute: (N) A surname.
luteal: (aj) Of or pertaining to the corpus luteum
lutes: (n) plural of lute(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lute
Lutes: (N) plural of Lute
Luther: (N) Martin Luther, German monk and theologian whose teaching inspired the Reformation; A male given name transferred from the surname, originally in honor of Martin Luther.; A surname, from German of English speakers who descend from German immigrants.; A city and town in Iowa.; A village in Michigan.; An unincorporated community in Montana.; A town in Oklahoma.(N) A surname, from occupations.
luting: (v) present participle of lute(n) lute (a kind of sticky clay or cement)
lutist: (n) One who plays the lute.
lutten: (v) plural of let
lux: (n) In the International System of Units, the derived unit of illuminance or illumination; one lumen per square metre. Symbol: lx(v) To put out of joint; to luxate.
Lux: (N) A surname.
luxate: (v) To dislocate.(aj) Dislocated.
luxe: (n) luxury
luxer: (adj) plural of luxe
luxest: (adj) plural of luxe
Luxor: (N) A city in Egypt, located on the site of the ancient Thebes.
luxury: (n) Very wealthy and comfortable surroundings.; Something desirable but expensive.; Something that is pleasant but not necessary in life.(aj) very expensive; not essential but desirable and enjoyable and indulgent.; Pertaining to the top-end market segment for mass production mass market vehicles, above the premium market segment.
luz: (n) A small bone in the human spinal column, believed in Muslim and Jewish traditions to be the indestructible bone from which the body will be rebuilt at the time of resurrection.
Luz: (N) A barangay of Cebu City, Cebu, Philippines
luzern: (n) Alternative spelling of lusern
luzzes: (n) plural of luz
Lvov: (N) Alternative form of Lviv
LX: (n) Ethernet mode LX transmission (laser fibre optic)(n) total X-ray luminosity of X-ray sources within the defined population
lycea: (n) plural of lyceum
lyceum: (n) A public hall designed for lectures, readings, or concerts.; A school, especially European, at a stage between elementary school and college, a lycée.; An association for literary improvement.
Lyceum: (N) An ancient Greek temple in Athens dedicated to Apollo Lyceus.
Lydia: (N) A region of southwest Asia Minor or Persia.; A woman converted by St. Paul; presumably named for ancestry or residence in Lydia.; A female given name from Ancient Greek.
Lydian: (n) A native or inhabitant of ancient Lydia.(N) An extinct Indo-European language in the Anatolian subgroup.(aj) Pertaining to Lydia, or its people, language or culture.; Designating a mode of ancient Greek music, reputed to be light and effeminate.
lye: (n) An alkaline liquid made by leaching ashes (usually wood ashes).; Potassium or sodium hydroxide (caustic soda).(v) To treat with lye.(n) A short side line, connected with the main line; a turn-out; a siding.(v) Obsolete spelling of lie.
Lye: (N) A suburban area in the Metropolitan Borough of Dudley, West Midlands, England (OS grid ref SO9284).
lyes: (n) plural of lye(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of lye
lying: (v) present participle of lie (“to rest in a horizontal position”).(n) The act of one who lies, or keeps low to the ground.(v) present participle of lie (“to intentionally give false information”).(n) An act of telling a lie or falsehood.(aj) Tending to tell lies, untruthful, mendacious(v) simple past tense and past participle of lye
lymph: (n) Pure water.; The sap of plants.; A colourless, watery, coagulable bodily fluid which bathes the tissues and is carried by the lymphatic system into the bloodstream; it resembles blood plasma in containing white blood cells and especially lymphocytes but normally few red blood cells and no platelets.; The discharge from a sore, inflammation etc.
lynch: (v) To execute (somebody) without a proper legal trial or procedure, especially by hanging and backed by a mob.(n) Alternative form of linch
Lynch: (N) A surname, from Irish.; A home rule-class city in Harlan County, Kentucky, United States.; An unincorporated community in Kent County, Maryland, United States.; A village in Boyd County, Nebraska, United States.; A tributary of the North Fork Rivanna River, Virginia, United States.; A hamlet in Berkeley parish, Stroud district, Gloucestershire, England (OS grid ref ST6799).; A hamlet in Overton parish, Basingstoke and Deane district, Hampshire, England (OS grid ref SU5049).; A hamlet in Selworthy parish, Somerset West and Taunton district, Somerset, England (OS grid ref SS9047; West Lynch and East Lynch also appear on OS maps).; A minor river in Hoddesdon, Hertfordshire, England, which joins the River Lea.
Lynn: (N) A local name for King's Lynn, Norfolk.; A English habitational surname, from Welsh, from King's Lynn in Norfolk, from Welsh llyn (“lake”) or Old English lean (“reward”, implying land tenure).; A Scottish habitational surname, from Scottish Gaelic, from Scottish Gaelic linne (“firth; pond, pool; waterfall”).; A German surname, from German, an anglicization of Lind.; A Irish surname, from Irish, a variant of Flynn.; A male given name transferred from the surname, usually used as a middle name.; A female given name transferred from the surname, popular as a middle name.; A female given name, variant of Lyn, popular as a middle name.; A city in Massachusetts; named for King's Lynn, Norfolk.; A town in Indiana.; A town in Wisconsin.; A town in Alabama.; A town in Arkansas.; A community in Nova Scotia.; A river in Ontario, flowing from the town of Simcoe into Lake Erie.; An unincorporated community in Nebraska.; An unincorporated community in Utah; named for founder John Lind.; An unincorporated community in West Virginia.; A former settlement in California; named for the city in Massachusetts.; A Virginia Beach; Lynnhaven section of Virginia Beach, VA.
lynx: (n) Any of several medium-sized wild cats, mostly of the genus Lynx.
Lynx: (N) A faint spring constellation of the northern sky. It lies north of the constellation Cancer.
lyon: (n) Obsolete spelling of lion
Lyon: (N) A surname, from nicknames.(N) The third largest city in France; capital of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes.(N) A tributary of the Tay River, Scotland.
lyons: (n) plural of lyon
Lyons: (N) Alternative form of Lyon, the capital city of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes, France.; A city, the county seat of Toombs County, Georgia, United States.; A city, the county seat of Rice County, Kansas, United States.; A town, the county seat of Wayne County, New York, United States.; A surname.
lyra: (n) The middle portion of the ventral surface of the fornix of the brain; so called from the arrangement of the lines with which it is marked in the human brain.(n) A vertically suspended hoop used in acrobatic performances.(n) A bowed string musical instrument used in the Byzantine Empire.; A bowed instrument used in folk music in Crete, Greece.
Lyra: (N) A summer constellation of the northern sky, said to resemble a lyre. It includes the bright star Vega and the Ring Nebula.; A female given name from Ancient Greek
lyrate: (aj) Shaped like a lyre.; Having a large terminal lobe and smaller rounded lobes toward its base.(n) A long curved feather found in a bird's tail.
lyre: (n) An ancient stringed musical instrument (a yoke lute chordophone) of Greek origin, consisting of two arms extending from a body to a crossbar (a yoke), and strings, parallel to the soundboard, connecting the body to the yoke.; Any instrument of the same musicological classification; any yoke lute.; A lyre-shaped sheet music holder that attaches to a wind instrument when a music stand is impractical.; A composer of lyric poetry.(v) to play the lyre
lyric: (aj) Of, or relating to a type of poetry (such as a sonnet or ode) that expresses subjective thoughts and feelings, often in a songlike style; Of or relating to a writer of such poetry; lyrical; Having a light singing voice of modest range; Of or relating to musical drama and opera; melodious; Of or relating to the lyre (or sometimes the harp)(n) A lyric poem.; The words of a song or other vocal music.
Lyric: (N) A male given name; A female given name
lyrics: (n) plural of lyric(n) The words to a song (or other vocal music).
lyrism: (n) The act of playing on a lyre or harp.
lyrist: (n) A person who plays the lyre.(n) lyricist; A lyrical poet
lyse: (v) To burst or cut a cell or cell structure; to induce lysis.; To break down molecularly into smaller molecules; to induce lysis.
lysin: (n) any substance or antibody that can cause the destruction (by lysis) of blood cells, bacteria etc
lysine: (n) An essential amino acid, C₆H₁₄N₂O₂.
lysis: (n) A gradual recovery from disease (opposed to crisis).; The disintegration or destruction of cells; The breakdown of molecules into constituent molecules; A plinth or step above the cornice of the podium in an ancient temple.
Lysol: (N) A liquid antiseptic and disinfectant; a mixture of cresols and soap.
Lysols: (n) plural Lysol
lyssa: (n) Rabies.
Lyssa: (N) A female given name
lyssas: (n) plural of lyssa
lytic: (aj) of, relating to, or causing lysis; of or relating to lysin
lytta: (n) A fibrous muscular band lying within the longitudinal axis of the tongue in many mammals, such as the dog.
lyttas: (n) plural of lytta
Lytton: (N) A surname.; A placename; A village in Thompson-Nicola Regional District, British Columbia, Canada.; A placename; A mountain in the Cascade Mountains, British Columbia, Canada; the northernmost mountain in the Cascade Mountains.; A placename; Ellipsis of Lytton Creek; A stream in Thompson-Nicola district, British Columbia, Canada; A placename; A suburb of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia; A placename; Ellipsis of County of Lytton and Lytton County.; Ellipsis of Lytton First Nation; an Indigenous people of Canada; Ellipsis of Lytton Indian Band; an Indigenous government
