m: (C) The thirteenth letter of the English alphabet, called em and written in the Latin script.(0) The ordinal number thirteenth, derived from this letter of the English alphabet, called em and written in the Latin script.(n) thousand(v) make
M: (C) The thirteenth letter of the English alphabet, called em and written in the Latin script.(0) The ordinal number thirteenth, derived from this letter of the English alphabet, called em and written in the Latin script.(n) the number of minutes a player spent at the crease; the number of maiden overs bowled(n) Monsieur(N) Monday.; Michigan.
ma: (n) mother, mama; The landlady of a theater.(n) May(d) Alternative spelling of my(pa) Alternative form of mah
MA: (N) Postal abbreviation of Massachusetts, a state of the United States of America.; Maluku, a province of Indonesia.; Maranhão, a state of Brazil.
Ma: (N) A common surname, from Chinese of East Asian derivation.(N) A language spoken in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
maa: (i) A bleating sound, as that of a sheep or goat.(v) To make such a sound.
maar: (n) A broad volcanic crater, usually filled with water to form a lake.
mab: (n) A slattern.(v) To dress untidily.
Mab: (N) A moon of Uranus; A female given name, related to Maeve.
mac: (n) Clipping of mackintosh (“a raincoat”).(n) Clipping of macaroni.
Mac: (n) Used to address a man whose name is unknown.(F) son of.(N) A diminutive of the male given name Max.(n) A Macintosh computer (made by Apple Inc.).(N) McMaster University
MAC: (n) Multiply and accumulate: a hardware module found in Digital Signal Processors which performs a multiplication and adds the result of that operation to an accumulator, in a single cycle. Used extensively in implementations of digital filters, transforms and codecs.
macaco: (n) A macaque, or similar monkey.(n) Any of several species of lemurs.
Macao: (N) Alternative spelling of Macau
macaw: (n) Any of various parrots of the genera Ara, Anodorhynchus, Cyanopsitta, Orthopsittaca, Primolius and Diopsittaca of Central and South America, including the largest parrots and characterized by long sabre-shaped tails, curved powerful bills, and usually brilliant plumage.
mace: (n) A heavy fighting club.; A ceremonial form of this weapon.; A long baton used by some drum majors to keep time and lead a marching band. If this baton is referred to as a mace, by convention it has a ceremonial often decorative head, which, if of metal, usually is hollow and sometimes intricately worked.; An officer who carries a mace as an emblem of authority.; A knobbed mallet used by curriers in dressing leather to make it supple.; A billiard cue.(v) To hit someone or something with a mace.(n) An old money of account in China equal to one tenth of a tael.; An old weight of 57.98 grains.(n) A spice obtained from the outer layer of the kernel of the fruit of the nutmeg.(n) Tear gas or pepper spray, especially for personal use.(v) To spray in defense or attack with mace (pepper spray or tear gas) using a hand-held device.; To spray a similar noxious chemical in defense or attack using an available hand-held device such as an aerosol spray can.
Mace: (N) Alternative letter-case form of mace (tear gas or pepper spray); A male given name, a name derived from the war instrument, a mace; A surname.; A English surname, from given names.; A surname.; A surname, from Norman.
maces: (n) plural of mace(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mace
Mach: (N) A surname, from Czech.; Ernst Mach, Austrian physicist (1838–1916), born in Moravia (now Czech Republic).(n) a ratio of the speed (of an object, etc.) to the speed of sound in the fluid or other medium through which the object travels. Usually used to describe supersonic speeds; the Mach number.
Machs: (n) plural Mach
mackle: (n) Obsolete form of macule.(v) Obsolete form of macule.
macle: (n) Chiastolite; so called from the tessellated appearance of a cross-section.; A crystal having a similar tessellated appearance.; A twin crystal.
macon: (n) Mutton bacon, a form of bacon made from cured mutton.
Macon: (N) Alternative spelling of Mâcon, a city in France.(n) A dry red or white burgundy wine produced around Mâcon or extremely similar to such wines.(N) A surname.; A city, the county seat of Bibb County, Georgia, United States, with which it is now consolidated as Macon-Bibb County.; A city, the county seat of Noxubee County, Mississippi, United States.; A city, the county seat of Macon County, Missouri, United States.
macron: (n) A short, straight, horizontal diacritical mark (◌̄) placed over a letter, usually to indicate that the pronunciation of a vowel is long.
Macron: (N) A French surname, from French.
macula: (n) An oval yellow spot near the center of the retina of the human eye, histologically defined as having two or more layers of ganglion cells, responsible for detailed central vision.; A small chamber of the inner ear of certain vertebrates filled with endolymph and containing an otolith.; A spot, as on the skin, or on the surface of the sun or of some other luminous orb.; A rather large spot or blotch of color.; In planetary geology, an unusually dark area on the surface of a planet or moon.
maculas: (n) plural of macula
macule: (n) A spot.; A blur or an appearance of a double impression, as when the paper slips a little during printing.(v) To blur or be blurred; especially to blur or double an impression from type.
mad: (aj) Insane; crazy, mentally deranged.; Angry, annoyed.; Used litotically to indicate satisfaction or approval.; Bizarre; incredible.; Wildly confused or excited.; Extremely foolish or unwise; irrational; imprudent.; Extremely enthusiastic about; crazy about; infatuated with; overcome with desire for.; Abnormally ferocious or furious; or, rabid, affected with rabies.; Intensifier, signifies an abundance or high quality of a thing; very, much or many.; Having impaired polarity.(av) Intensifier; to a large degree; extremely; exceedingly; very; unbelievably.(v) To be or become mad.; To madden, to anger, to frustrate.
madam: (n) A polite form of address for a woman or lady.; The mistress of a household.; A conceited or quarrelsome girl.; A woman who runs a brothel, particularly one that specializes in finding prostitutes for rich and important clients.; An irritable, conceited, or contemptous woman. (used as a general term of abuse).(v) To address as "madam".
Madam: (n) Alternative letter-case form of madam
madame: (n) Alternative form of madam
Madame: (n) Alternative letter-case form of madame; A title equivalent to Mrs. or Ms., used for French-speaking women and (by custom) certain other individuals.
madcap: (aj) Hasty, impulsive, or reckless; capricious.(n) An impulsive, hasty, capricious person.; An insane person, a lunatic.
madden: (v) To make angry.; To make insane; to inflame with passion.; To become furious.
Madden: (N) A surname, from Irish.
madder: (n) A herbaceous plant, Rubia tinctorum, native to Asia, cultivated for a red-purple dye (alizarin) obtained from the root.; The root of the plant, used as a medicine or a dye.; A dye made from the plant.; A deep reddish purple colour, like that of the dye.(aj) Of a deep reddish purple colour, like that of the dye.(aj) comparative form of mad: more mad(n) Obsolete form of mether.
made: (n) A grub or maggot.(v) simple past tense and past participle of make; simple past tense and past participle of myek; simple past tense and past participle of mak
madly: (av) In a mad manner; without reason or understanding; wildly.
madman: (n) A male who is insane or mentally disturbed.
madmen: (n) plural of madman
madras: (n) A brightly colored cotton fabric with a checked or striped pattern.; A large handkerchief of this fabric, worn on the head in the West Indies.
Madras: (N) Former name of Chennai, the capital and largest city of Tamil Nadu, India.; A city, the county seat of Jefferson County, Oregon, United States.(n) A style of curry dish purported to originate from the Madras region.
Madrid: (N) The capital city of Spain.; An autonomous community of Spain, the Community of Madrid.; A province of the Community of Madrid, Spain. Capital: Madrid.; A town and municipality of Western Savanna Province, Cundinamarca department, Colombia.; A town in Tecomán Municipality, Colima, Mexico.; A municipality of Surigao del Sur, Philippines.; Several places in the United States:; A small town in Houston County, Alabama.; Several places in the United States:; A ghost town in Las Animas County, Colorado.; Several places in the United States:; A small city in Douglas Township, Boone County, Iowa.; Several places in the United States:; A former town in Franklin County, Maine, now unorganized territory.; Several places in the United States:; A village in Perkins County, Nebraska.; Several places in the United States:; A census-designated place in Santa Fe County, New Mexico.; Several places in the United States:; A town in St. Lawrence County, New York.; A surname, from Spanish.
maduro: (n) A cigar made with somewhat dark, medium-strength tobacco.
Maduro: (N) A surname, from Spanish.
Mae: (N) Diminutive of Margaret; Diminutive of Mary; A female given name; popular as a middle name.
maenad: (n) A female follower of Dionysus, associated with intense reveling.; An excessively wild or emotional woman.
Maes: (n) plural Mae
mafia: (n) A hierarchically structured secret organisation engaged in illegal activities like distribution of narcotics, gambling and extortion.; A crime syndicate.; A trusted group of associates, as of a political leader.; An entity which attempts to control a specified arena.
Mafia: (N) The Mob: any particular mafia, mentioned uniquely within the discussion's established or implicit context, usually and especially the Sicilian–Italian–Italian-American one (especially in American English) but occasionally others (e.g., the Russian one, the Japanese one).; The international criminal organization of Sicilian origin operating in Italy and the United States.; The Mob: any particular mafia, mentioned uniquely within the discussion's established or implicit context, usually and especially the Sicilian–Italian–Italian-American one (especially in American English) but occasionally others (e.g., the Russian one, the Japanese one).; Any other specific organized crime syndicate operating internationally in high-level organized crime; often with a modifying adjective, such as a nationality.; A party game modelling a conflict between an informed minority (the mafia) and an uninformed majority (the innocents). Each player is secretly assigned a role within one of these teams, and the innocents attempt to identify the mafia members before they are all "murdered".
mag: (n) magazine (publication or ammunition); magnet; mag wheel; magnitude; magistrate(v) To steal.(n) A halfpenny.
MAG: (n) A gene which encodes for myelin associated glycoprotein
mage: (n) A magician, wizard or sorcerer.
maggot: (n) A soft, legless larva of a fly or other dipterous insect, that often eats decomposing organic matter.; A worthless person.; A whimsy or fancy.; A fan of the American metal band Slipknot.(v) To rid (an animal) of maggots.(aj) Alternative form of maggoted (“drunk; intoxicated”)
magi: (n) plural of mage; plural of magus
Magi: (N) Chiefly preceded by the (three): the wise men who visited and gave gifts to the baby Jesus at the Epiphany (traditionally considered to be three in number and sometimes named Balthazar, Caspar, and Melchior, but the Bible does not state how many there were or their names).; The three bright stars (Alnitak (ζ Ori), Alnilam (ε Ori), and Mintaka (δ Ori)) that form Orion's Belt in the Orion constellation.
magic: (n) The application of rituals or actions, especially those based on occult knowledge, to subdue or manipulate natural or supernatural beings and forces in order to have some benefit from them; A specific ritual or procedure associated with such magic; a spell.; The supernatural forces which are drawn on in such a ritual.; Something producing successful and remarkable results, especially when not fully understood; an enchanting quality; exceptional skill.; Complicated or esoteric code that is not expected to be generally understood.; A conjuring trick or illusion performed to give the appearance of supernatural phenomena or powers.; The art or practice of performing conjuring tricks and illusions.(aj) Having supernatural talents, properties or qualities attributed to magic.; Producing extraordinary results, as though through the use of magic.; Pertaining to conjuring tricks or illusions performed for entertainment etc.; Great; excellent.; Describing the number of nucleons in a particularly stable isotopic nucleus; 2, 8, 20, 28, 50, 82, 126, and 184.; Being a literal number or string value with no meaning or context, not defined as a constant or variable(v) To produce, transform (something), (as if) by magic.
Magic: (N) An Allied cryptanalysis project, during and prior to World War II, that decrypted Japanese messages.
magma: (n) The molten matter within the earth, the source of the material of lava flows, dikes of eruptive rocks, etc.; A basic algebraic structure consisting of a set equipped with a single binary operation.; Any soft doughy mass.; The residuum after expressing the juice from fruits.
magnet: (n) A piece of material that attracts some metals by magnetism.; A person or thing that attracts what is denoted by the preceding noun.
magnum: (n) A bottle containing 1.5 liters of fluid, double the volume of a standard wine bottle.; A powerful firearm cartridge, often derived from a shorter, less powerful cartridge calibre that uses the same bullet.; A handgun that fires a cartridge of this calibre; chiefly a revolver, but rarely an autoloader firing an unusually powerful calibre.
Magnum: (n) A bottle of Magnum Tonic Wine, a fermented mead drink popular among Jamaicans and other Caribbean peoples for its intoxicating effects, vitamins and use as a purported sexual stimulant. The drink is highly associated with dancehall music and Jamaican pop culture.
Magnus: (N) A male given name from Latin of mostly Scottish and Scandinavian usage.; A surname.
Magog: (N) The second of the seven sons of Japheth.(N) A city and river in Quebec, Canada.
magpie: (n) One of several kinds of bird in the family Corvidae, especially Pica pica.; A superficially similar Australian bird, Gymnorhina tibicen or Cracticus tibicen.; Someone who displays a magpie-like quality such as hoarding or stealing objects.; A fan or member of Newcastle United F.C.; The third circle on a target, between the inner and outer.; A halfpenny.(v) To mark with patches of black and white or light and dark.; To steal or hoard (items) as magpies are believed to do.; To talk idly; to talk about other people's private business.
Magpie: (n) someone connected with Newcastle United Football Club, as a fan, player, coach etc.; someone connected with Notts County Football Club, as a fan, player, coach etc.; someone connected with Collingwood Football Club, as a fan, player, coach etc.; someone connected, or formerly connected with the Western Suburbs Magpies, as a fan, player, coach etc.
magus: (n) A magician; (derogatory) a conjurer or sorcerer, especially one who is a charlatan or trickster.; A Zoroastrian priest.
Magyar: (N) The Uralic language of the Hungarians.(n) A Hungarian individual.(aj) Hungarian
Mahdi: (N) A leader who, according to Sunni eschatology, will appear and restore peace and justice before the end of the world.; Muhammad b. Hasan al-Mahdi, the last of the Twelve Imams, born in 868 AD but believed alive and present in this world in a state of occultation; officially the head of state of the Islamic Republic of Iran; similarly to Sunni belief he will reappear before the end of time.
mahout: (n) An elephant driver and keeper.(v) To drive elephants.
Maia: (N) Daughter of Atlas and mother of Hermes.; The goddess of growth after whom the month May (Latin maius) was named.; A female given name from Latin of recent usage.; A star in the constellation Taurus. It is the fourth brightest star in the Pleiades cluster.; 66 Maja, a main belt asteroid.(N) A language spoken in the Madang province of Papua New Guinea.
maid: (n) A girl or an unmarried young woman; maiden.; A female servant or cleaner (short for maidservant).; A virgin, now female but originally one of either gender.
maidan: (n) A marketplace or other open space in or by a city or town; an esplanade.(n) Independence Square, the main city square in Kiev, Ukraine.; The Orange Revolution protests that took place in Kiev’s Maidan in 2004–05; the Euromaidan protests of 2013–14; the protest movement associated with the 2014 Ukrainian Revolution.
Maidan: (N) Ellipsis of Maidan Shahr The capital of Maidan Wardak, Afghanistan; Ellipsis of Maidan Wardak A province of Afghanistan; Ellipsis of Euromaidan (the protests in Ukraine in 2014)
maided: (v) plural of maid
maiden: (n) A girl or an unmarried young woman.; A female virgin.; A man with no experience of sex, especially because of deliberate abstention.; A maidservant.; A clothes maiden.; An unmarried woman, especially an older woman.; A racehorse without any victory, i.e. one having a "virgin record".; A horse race in which all starters are maidens.; A Scottish counterpart of the guillotine.; A maiden over.; A machine for washing linen.; Alternative form of Maiden(aj) Virgin.; Without offspring.; Like or befitting a (young, unmarried) maiden.; Being a first occurrence or event.; Being an over in which no runs are scored.; Fresh; innocent; unpolluted; pure; hitherto unused.; Never having been captured or violated.; Grown from seed and never pruned
Maiden: (n) One of the triune goddesses of the Lady in Wicca alongside the Crone and Mother representing a girl or a young woman(N) A surname.; Iron Maiden, a heavy metal band from England.
maiding: (v) plural of maid
maids: (n) plural of maid
maigre: (aj) Made without meat (and thus permitted to be eaten on a fast day).; Belonging to a fast day or fast.(n) A kind of fish; the meagre.
maihem: (n) Alternative form of mayhem, in the sense of maiming or causing bodily harm.
maihems: (n) plural of maihem
mail: (n) A bag or wallet.; A bag containing letters to be delivered by post.; The material conveyed by the postal service.; A stagecoach, train or ship that delivers such post.; The postal service or system in general.; The letters, parcels, etc. delivered to a particular address or person.; Electronic mail, e-mail: a computer network–based service for sending, storing, and forwarding electronic messages.; A trunk, box, or bag, in which clothing, etc., may be carried.(v) To send (a letter, parcel, etc.) through the mail.; To send by electronic mail.; To contact (a person) by electronic mail.(n) Armour consisting of metal rings or plates linked together.; A contrivance of interlinked rings, for rubbing off the loose hemp on lines and white cordage.; Any hard protective covering of an animal, as the scales and plates of reptiles, shell of a lobster, etc.; A spot on a bird's feather; by extension, a spotted feather.(v) To arm with mail.; To pinion.(n) An old French coin worth half a denier.; A monetary payment or tribute.; Rent.; Tax.
mailed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of mail(aj) Armoured in, protected by, or made of mail.; Spotted.(v) simple past tense and past participle of mail
mailer: (n) One who sends mail.; A computer program that sends electronic mail.; A packet or container designed for postal use.; A mailshot; advertising sent by mail.
Mailer: (N) A surname.
mails: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mail(n) plural of mail; The mail delivery system.
maim: (v) To wound seriously; to cause permanent loss of function of a limb or part of the body.(n) A serious wound
maimed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of maim
main: (aj) Of chief or leading importance; prime, principal.; Chief, most important, or principal in extent, size, or strength; consisting of the largest part.; Full, sheer, undivided.; Big; angry.; Belonging to or connected with the principal mast in a vessel.; Great in size or degree; important, powerful, strong, vast.(av) Exceedingly, extremely, greatly, mightily, very, very much.(v) Short for mainline (“to inject (a drug) directly into a vein”).; To mainly play a specific character or side, or with specific equipment, during a game.; To convert (a road) into a main or primary road.(n) That which is chief or principal; the chief or main portion; the bulk, the greater part, gross.; The primary character that one plays in a video game in which one can play more than one character.; A large cable or pipe providing utility service to an area or a building, such as a water main or electric main.; Short for main course (“the principal dish of a meal”).; The high seas.; The mainland.; Short for mainsail.; Force, power, strength, violent effort.(n) A hand or match in a game of dice.; The largest throw in a match at dice; in the game of hazard, a number from one to nine called out by a person before the dice are thrown.; A stake played for at dice.; A sporting contest or match, especially a cockfighting match.; A banker's shovel for coins.(n) A basket for gathering grapes.
Main: (N) A river in southern Germany, flowing from Bavaria to the Rhine.; A river in Northern Ireland, flowing into Lough Neagh.; A surname.
maine: (n) Obsolete form of main.(aj) Obsolete form of main.
Maine: (N) A former province of Pays de la Loire, France. Capital: Le Mans.; A state of the United States; probably named for the province in France. Capital: Augusta. Largest city: Portland.; A town in New York.; A town in Outagamie County, Wisconsin; named for the state.; A river in Maine, United States, flowing 5.5 miles from Pocomoonshine Lake in Princeton into Crawford Lake in Crawford.; University of Maine.(N) A river in France, flowing 12 km through the city of Angers from the confluence of the Mayenne and Sarthe into the Loire.(N) A Scottish and English surname, from Old French, a variant of Main.; A village in Marathon County, Wisconsin; named for county sheriff Uriah E. Maine.(N) A river in County Kerry, Ireland, flowing 43 km from Tobermaing into the Atlantic at Castlemaine.(N) A male given name of historical usage, notably borne by Irish kings Maine mac Cerbaill and Maine mac Néill.(N) Alternative form of Main: A river in County Antrim, Northern Ireland.
mainly: (av) Chiefly; for the most part.; Forcefully, vigorously.; Of the production of a sound: loudly, powerfully.; To a great degree; very much.
mains: (n) plural of main(n) The domestic electrical power supply.; The pipes of a centralized water supply that transport the water to individual buildings.; The main course of a meal.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of main(n) The farm attached to a mansion house.
Mainz: (N) A city, the state capital of Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, on the River Rhine.
mair: (aj) more(av) more(n) Various former royal officials in the Kingdom of Scotland.
Mair: (N) A surname.
Maire: (N) A female given name from Irish.(N) A surname, from French.
Maires: (n) plural Maire
mairs: (n) plural of mair
maist: (aj) most(av) most(v) Obsolete form of mayst.
maists: (n) plural of maist
maize: (n) Corn; a type of grain of the species Zea mays.
Maize: (N) A surname.; A female given name.; A male given name.
major: (aj) Greater in dignity, rank, importance, significance, or interest.; Greater in number, quantity, or extent.; Notable or conspicuous in effect or scope.; Prominent or significant in size, amount, or degree.; Involving great risk, serious, life-threatening.; Of full legal age, having attained majority.; Of or relating to a subject of academic study chosen as a field of specialization.; Having intervals of a semitone between the third and fourth, and seventh and eighth degrees.; Equivalent to that between the tonic and another note of a major scale, and greater by a semitone than the corresponding minor interval.; (of a key) Based on a major scale, tending to produce a bright or joyful effect.; Bell changes rung on eight bells.; Indicating the elder of two brothers, appended to a surname in public schools.; Occurring as the predicate in the conclusion of a categorical syllogism.; Containing the major term in a categorical syllogism.(n) A rank of officer in the army and the US air force, between captain and lieutenant colonel.; An officer in charge of a section of band instruments, used with a modifier.; A person of legal age.; Ellipsis of major key.; Ellipsis of major interval.; Ellipsis of major scale.; A system of change-ringing using eight bells.; A large, commercially successful company, especially a record label that is bigger than an indie.; The principal subject or course of a student working toward a degree at a college or university.; A student at a college or university specializing on a given area of study.; Ellipsis of major term.; Ellipsis of major premise.; Ellipsis of major suit.; A touchdown, or major score.; A goal.; An elder brother (especially at a public school).; A large leaf-cutter ant that acts as a soldier, defending the nest.; Alternative form of mayor and mair.(v) Used in a phrasal verb: major in.
Major: (N) A surname.; An unincorporated community in Kentucky.; A village in Saskatchewan, Canada.(n) Title for an army officer with the rank of major.
majors: (n) plural of major
Majors: (n) plural of Major(N) plural of Major
mak: (v) Alternative form of make
Mak: (N) A surname.; A surname, from Chinese.; A surname.; A surname, from Slavic languages.; A surname.; A surname, from Hungarian.
make: (v) To create.; To build, construct, produce, or originate.; To create.; To write or compose.; To create.; To bring about; to effect or produce by means of some action.; To create.; To create (the universe), especially (in Christianity) from nothing.; To behave, to act.; To tend; to contribute; to have effect; with for or against.; To constitute.; To add up to, have a sum of.; To interpret.; To bring into success.; To cause to be.; To cause to appear to be; to represent as.; To cause (to do something); to compel (to do something).; To force to do.; To indicate or suggest to be.; To cover neatly with bedclothes.; To recognise, identify, spot.; To arrive at a destination, usually at or by a certain time.; To proceed (in a direction).; To cover (a given distance) by travelling.; To move at (a speed).; To appoint; to name.; To induct into the Mafia or a similar organization (as a made man).; To defecate or urinate.; To earn, to gain (money, points, membership or status).; To pay, to cover (an expense); chiefly used after expressions of inability.; To compose verses; to write poetry; to versify.; To enact; to establish.; To develop into; to prove to be.; To form or formulate in the mind.; To perform a feat.; To gain sufficient audience to warrant its existence.; To act in a certain manner; to have to do; to manage; to interfere; to be active; often in the phrase to meddle or make.; To increase; to augment; to accrue.; To be engaged or concerned in.; To cause to be (in a specified place), used after a subjective what.; To take the virginity of.; To have sexual intercourse with.; Of water, to flow toward land; to rise.(n) Brand or kind; model.; Manner or style of construction (style of how a thing is made); form.; Origin (of a manufactured article); manufacture; production.; A person's character or disposition.; The act or process of making something, especially in industrial manufacturing.; Quantity produced, especially of materials.; A software utility for automatically building large applications, or an implementation of this utility.; Identification or recognition (of identity), especially from police records or evidence.; Past, present, or future target of seduction (usually female).; A promotion.; A home-made project; Turn to declare the trump for a hand (in bridge), or to shuffle the cards.; A made basket.; The closing of an electrical circuit.(n) Mate; a spouse or companion; a match.(n) A halfpenny.(n) An agricultural tool resembling a scythe, used to cut (harvest) certain plants such as peas, reeds, or tares.
maker: (n) Someone who makes; a person or thing that makes or produces something.; God.; A poet.; Someone who signs a promissory note, thereby becoming responsible for payment.
Maker: (N) A surname.
makers: (n) plural of maker
Makers: (N) plural of Maker
makes: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of make(n) plural of make
makeup: (n) An item's composition.; Cosmetics; colorants and other substances applied to the skin to alter its appearance.; Replacement; material used to make up for the amount that has been used up.; A test given to students allowing them to repeat failed material.
making: (n) The act of forming, causing, or constituting; workmanship; construction.; Process of growth or development.(v) present participle of make
mako: (n) mako shark
Mako: (N) A surname, from Hungarian.
mal: (n) illness, affliction.(n) A longboard (type of surfboard).(n) A malleolus.
Mal: (N) A short form of given names such as Mallory, Malcolm etc.
malady: (n) Any ailment or disease of the body; especially, a lingering or deep-seated disorder.; A moral or mental defect or disorder.
malar: (aj) Pertaining to the cheek.(n) The cheekbone, which forms a part of the lower edge of the orbit.
Malawi: (N) A country in Southern Africa, previously named Nyasaland. Official name: Republic of Malawi
Malay: (aj) Of or relating to the Malays, a people living in Brunei, on the eastern coast of Sumatra, the islands of Bangka and Belitung, the Riau archipelago and the coastal areas of Kalimantan in Indonesia, in most of Malaysia (states where they are politically dominant), in Singapore and in the southernmost provinces of Thailand.; Of or related to Malaysia, its people and/or culture.; In, of or otherwise relating to the languages spoken by Malays.(n) A person of Malay ancestry, referring to a diverse group of Austronesian peoples inhabiting the Malay archipelago and Malay peninsula in Southeast Asia.; Type of mild curry made with yoghurt and fruit, usually pineapple or lychee.; The Malay language, an Austronesian language spoken by most Malay people and in states they dominate.
Malaya: (N) The Malay Peninsula.; An independent country in Southeast Asia from 1957 to 1963.
Maldon: (N) A town and civil parish in Essex, England (OS grid ref TL8507).; A local government district in Essex formed in 1974, with its headquarters in the town.
male: (aj) Belonging to the sex which typically produces sperm, or to the gender which is typically associated with it.; Characteristic of this sex/gender. (Compare masculine, manly.); Tending to lead to or regulate the development of sexual characteristics typical of this sex.; Masculine; of the masculine grammatical gender.; Of instruments, tools, or connectors: designed to fit into or penetrate a female counterpart, as in a connector, pipe fitting or laboratory glassware.(n) One of the male (masculine) sex or gender.; A human member of the masculine sex or gender.; One of the male (masculine) sex or gender.; An animal of the sex that has testes.; One of the male (masculine) sex or gender.; A plant of the masculine sex.
males: (n) plural of male
Males: (N) A surname.
Mali: (N) A country in West Africa. Official name: Republic of Mali.(n) A Somali
malice: (n) Intention to harm or deprive in an illegal or immoral way. Desire to take pleasure in another's misfortune.; An intention to do injury to another party, which in many jurisdictions is a distinguishing factor between the crimes of murder and manslaughter.(v) To intend to cause harm; to bear malice.
malign: (aj) Evil or malignant in disposition, nature, intent or influence.; Malevolent.; Malignant.(v) To make defamatory statements about; to slander or traduce.; To treat with malice; to show hatred toward; to abuse; to wrong.
mall: (n) A pedestrianised street, especially a shopping precinct.; An enclosed shopping centre.; An alley where the game of pall mall was played.; A public walk; a level shaded walk, a promenade.; A heavy wooden mallet or hammer used in the game of pall mall.; The game of polo.; An old game played with malls or mallets and balls; pall mall.(v) to beat with a mall, or mallet; to beat with something heavy; to bruise; to build up with the development of shopping malls; to shop at the mall
mallee: (n) A type of scrubland with low-growing thick eucalypts, characteristic of certain parts of Australia.; Any semi-desert region of Australia where such scrub is the predominant vegetation.; Any of several low-growing eucalypts characteristic of such scrubland, especially Eucalyptus dumosa, Eucalyptus oleosa, and Eucalyptus socialis.; The growth habit of certain eucalypt species that grow with multiple stems springing from an underground lignotuber, shared by species of related genera.(n) Alternative spelling of mali (“a member of a caste in South Asia whose traditional occupation is gardening; hence, any South Asian gardener”).
mallet: (n) A type of hammer with a larger-than-usual head made of wood, rubber or similar non-iron material, used by woodworkers for driving a tool, such as a chisel. A kind of maul.; A weapon resembling the tool, but typically much larger.; A small hammer-like tool used for playing certain musical instruments.; A light beetle with a long handle used in playing croquet.; The stick used to strike the ball in the sport of polo.(v) To beat or strike with, or as if with, a mallet.
Mallet: (n) A type of articulated locomotive, in which there are two powered trucks, with the rear truck being rigidly attached to the main body and boiler of the locomotive, while the front powered truck is attached to the rear by a hinge, so that it may swing from side to side, and with the front end of the boiler resting upon a sliding bearing on the swinging front truck.(N) Often the malicious party in examples of threat scenarios. See Alice and Bob.
mallow: (n) Any of a group of flowering plants in several genera of the taxonomic family Malvaceae, especially of the genus Malva. Several species are edible by humans.; Larentia clavaria, an uncommon moth found across Eurasia.
Mallow: (N) A surname.; A town in County Cork, Ireland.; A locality in the County of Newell, Alberta, Canada.; An unincorporated community in Alleghany County, Virginia, United States.
malm: (n) A soft, crumbly, chalky, grayish limestone.; An artificial mixture or chalk, clay, and sand, from which bricks are made. The resulting bricks have a light brown or yellowish color.
Malm: (N) A surname.
Malmo: (N) Misspelling of Malmö.
malt: (n) Malted grain (sprouted grain) (usually barley), used in brewing and otherwise.; Malt liquor, especially malt whisky.; A milkshake with malted milk powder added for flavor.; Maltose-rich sugar derived from malted grain.(v) To convert a cereal grain into malt by causing it to sprout (by soaking in water) and then halting germination (by drying with hot air) in order to develop enzymes that can break down starches and proteins in the grain.; To become malt.; To drink malt liquor.
malta: (n) A non-alcoholic carbonated malt beverage, popular in Latin America.
Malta: (N) A European country in the Mediterranean Sea. Official name: Republic of Malta; The largest island of the Maltese Archipelago.; A small city, the county seat of Phillips County, Montana, United States.
maltha: (n) A thick mineral pitch.; Mineral tar.; Any similar preparation used by the ancients as a cement, stucco, or mortar.
mam: (n) Mum, mom; diminutive of mother.
Mam: (N) A Mayan language spoken in the Mexican state of Chiapas and the Guatemalan departments of Quetzaltenango, Huehuetenango, San Marcos, and Retalhuleu.
mama: (n) Mother, female parent.
mamba: (n) Any of various venomous snakes of the genus Dendroaspis, native to Africa, that live in trees.
Mamba: (N) a dialect of the Zimba language spoken in the Congo
mambo: (n) A voodoo priestess (in Haiti); A Latin-American musical genre, adapted from rumba, originating from Cuba in the 1940s, or a dance or rhythm of this genre.(v) To perform this dance.
mamey: (n) The evergreen tree Mammea americana, or its edible fruit; The flowering plant Magnolia guatemalensis; The tree Pouteria sapota, or its fruit.
mamma: (n) The milk-secreting organ of female humans and other mammals which includes the mammary gland and the nipple or teat; a breast; an udder.; An accessory cloud like a mammary in appearance, which can form on the underside of most cloud genera.(n) Alternative spelling of mama: mother.
mammal: (n) An animal of the class Mammalia, characterized by being warm-blooded, having hair and producing milk with which to feed its young.; A vertebrate with three bones in the inner ear and one in the jaw.
mammas: (n) plural of mamma
mammet: (n) A false god; an idol.; A doll or puppet; a lifeless figure, an effigy, a scarecrow.; A foolish person.
mammon: (n) Alternative letter-case form of Mammon (wealth, material avarice).
Mammon: (n) The desire for wealth personified as an evil spirit or a malign influence.; Often mammon: wealth, material avarice, profit.
mammons: (n) plural of mammon
mammy: (n) mamma; mother; In the southern United States, a black nanny employed to look after white children; or in the antebellum South, a female slave who was close to the household and looked after the children.
man: (n) An adult male human.; All human males collectively: mankind.; A human, a person regardless of gender, usually an adult. (See usage notes.); All humans collectively: mankind, humankind, humanity. (Sometimes capitalized as Man.); A member of the genus Homo, especially of the species Homo sapiens.; A male person, usually an adult; a (generally adult male) sentient being, whether human, supernatural, elf, alien, etc.; An adult male who has, to an eminent degree, qualities considered masculine, such as strength, integrity, and devotion to family; a mensch.; Manliness; the quality or state of being manly.; A husband.; A male lover; a boyfriend.; A male enthusiast or devotee; a male who is very fond of or devoted to a specified kind of thing. (Used as the last element of a compound.); A person, usually male, who has duties or skills associated with a specified thing. (Used as the last element of a compound.); A person, usually male, who can fulfill one's requirements with regard to a specified matter.; A male who belongs to a particular group: an employee, a student or alumnus, a representative, etc.; An adult male servant.; A vassal; a subject.; A piece or token used in board games such as chess.; A term of familiar address often implying on the part of the speaker some degree of authority, impatience, or haste.; A friendly term of address usually reserved for other adult males.; A player on whom another is playing, with the intent of limiting their attacking impact.(aj) Only used in man enough(i) Used to place emphasis upon something or someone; sometimes, but not always, when actually addressing a man.(P) Used to refer to oneself or one's group: I, we; construed in the third person.; Any person, one(v) To supply (something) with staff or crew (of either sex).; To take up position in order to operate (something).; To brace (oneself), to fortify or steel (oneself) in a manly way. (Compare man up.); To wait on, attend to or escort.; To accustom (a raptor or other type of bird) to the presence of people.
Man: (N) The genus Homo.; Humankind in general.(N) The Isle of Man.(N) A surname, from Chinese.(N) A surname, from Chinese.
mana: (n) Power, prestige; specifically, a form of supernatural energy in Polynesian religion that inheres in things or people.; Magical power.(n) Alternative form of mina (“ancient unit of weight or currency”).(n) Alternative spelling of manna.
manage: (v) To direct or be in charge of.; To handle or control (a situation, job).; To handle with skill, wield (a tool, weapon etc.).; To succeed at an attempt in spite of difficulty.; To achieve (something) without fuss, or without outside help.; To manage to say; to say while fighting back embarrassment, laughter, etc.; To train (a horse) in the manège; to exercise in graceful or artful action.; To treat with care; to husband.; To bring about; to contrive.(n) The act of managing or controlling something.; Manège.
manana: (av) Alternative spelling of mañana
mananas: (n) plural of manana
Manas: (N) A county of Changji prefecture, Xinjiang, China.; A town in Manas County, Changji prefecture, Xinjiang, China.(N) A male given name from Hindi
Manaus: (N) A municipality, the state capital of Amazonas, Brazil.
manche: (n) Obsolete form of maunch (a sleeve); The neck of a violin.
Manche: (N) A department of Normandy, France. Capital: Saint-Lô.
Manchu: (n) A person belonging to or descended from the indigenous people of Manchuria.; A person belonging to the Qing Dynasty (Manchu Dynasty) of China.(N) The indigenous language of the Manchu people, spoken in Manchuria.; The Qing Dynasty (Manchu Dynasty).; A surname.(aj) Manchurian, referring to the Manchu(rian) people.; Manchurian, referring to the Manchu language.
mand: (n) A verbal operant in which the response is reinforced by a characteristic consequence and is therefore under the functional control of relevant conditions of deprivation or aversive stimulation.(v) To produce a mand (verbal operant).(n) A demand.
Mand: (N) A surname.
mane: (n) Longer hair growth on back of neck of an animal, especially a horse or lion; Long or thick hair of a person's head.
Mane: (N) A surname.
manes: (n) The souls or spirits of dead ancestors, conceived as deities or the subjects of reverence, or of other deceased relatives.(n) plural of mane
Manes: (N) plural of Mane
manet: (v) Used in stage directions; literally, he, she or it remains. Compare exit, exeunt.
Manet: (n) a work by Édouard Manet(N) Édouard Manet, French painter.
manful: (aj) Showing the characteristics considered typical of a man; macho or manly; Courageous; noble; high-minded.
manfuller: (adj) plural of manful
manfullest: (adj) plural of manful
manga: (n) A comic originating in Japan.; An artistic style heavily used in, and associated with, Japanese comics, and that has also been adopted by a comparatively low number of comics from other countries.; A comic in manga style, regardless of the country of origin.(n) A covering for a crucifix.(n) Obsolete form of mango (“the fruit”).
mange: (n) A skin disease of nonhuman mammals caused by parasitic mites (Sarcoptes spp., Demodecidae spp.).
manger: (n) A trough for animals to eat from.
Manger: (N) A surname.
manges: (n) plural of mange
mangle: (v) To change, mutilate or disfigure by cutting, tearing, rearranging etc.; To modify (an identifier from source code) so as to produce a unique identifier for internal use by the compiler, etc.(n) A hand-operated device with rollers, for wringing laundry.; The mangle attached to wringer washing machines, often called the wringer.(v) To wring laundry.(n) mangrove (tree)
Mangle: (N) A surname.
mango: (n) A tropical Asian fruit tree, Mangifera indica.; The fruit of the mango tree.; A pickled vegetable or fruit with a spicy stuffing; a vegetable or fruit which has been mangoed.; A green bell pepper suitable for pickling.; A type of muskmelon, Cucumis melo.; Any of various hummingbirds of the genus Anthracothorax.; A yellow-orange color, like that of mango flesh.(v) To stuff and pickle (a fruit).
Mango: (N) Ellipsis of Mango Island; Ellipsis of Mango Township
mangy: (aj) Afflicted, or looking as if afflicted, with mange.; Worn and squalid-looking; bedraggled or decrepit.
mani: (n) Clipping of manicure.
Mani: (N) A peninsula on the Peloponnese in Greece.(N) The founder of Manichaeism.
mania: (n) Violent derangement of mind; madness; insanity.; Excessive or unreasonable desire; insane passion affecting one or many people; fanaticism.
Mania: (N) The goddess of the dead and ghosts.
maniac: (n) An insane person, especially one who suffers from a mania.; A fanatic, a person with an obsession.
manic: (aj) Of or pertaining to someone who exhibits mania or craziness; wicked.; Suffering from mania, the state of an abnormally elevated or irritable mood, arousal, and/or energy levels.(n) A person exhibiting mania.
manila: (aj) Made of manila paper or material like it.; Yellow-brown; colored like manila paper.(n) Fiber made from abaca (Manila hemp), used to make ropes and manila paper.; The yellow-brown colour of manila.
Manila: (N) The capital city of the Philippines, located on the island of Luzon, specifically the city of Manila or Intramuros.; Metro Manila, the National Capital Region (NCR).; The national government or administrative authority of the Philippines.; A small town, the county seat of Daggett County, Utah, United States.; A census-designated place in Humboldt County, California, United States.(n) Venerupis philippinarum; a Pacific clam.
manioc: (n) The tropical plant Manihot esculenta, from which cassava and tapioca are prepared.; Cassava root, eaten as a food.; A food starch prepared from the root.
manly: (aj) Having the characteristics of a man.; Having qualities befitting a man; courageous, resolute, noble.
Manly: (N) A surname.
Mann: (N) A surname, from German of German origin.; A surname, from Punjabi of Punjabi origin.; Isle of Man(n) Descendants of Burmese people who settled in Northeast India.
manna: (n) Food miraculously produced for the Israelites in the desert in the book of Exodus.; Any boon which comes into one's hands by good luck.; The sugary sap of the manna gum tree which oozes out from holes drilled by insects and falls to the ground around the tree.http://www.museum.vic.gov.au/forest/plants/gum.html
mannas: (n) plural of manna
manned: (aj) Operated by, performed by, or transporting a person; crewed; piloted.(v) simple past tense and past participle of man
manner: (n) Mode of action; way of performing or doing anything; Characteristic mode of acting or behaving; bearing; One's customary method of acting; habit.; good, polite behaviour; The style of writing or thought of an author; the characteristic peculiarity of an artist.; A certain degree or measure.; Sort; kind; style.; Standards of conduct cultured and product of mind.
Manner: (N) A surname.
mano: (n) a stone resembling a rolling pin, used to grind maize or other grain on a metate
Mano: (N) Mann language
manoes: (n) plural of mano
manor: (n) A landed estate.; The main house of such an estate or a similar residence; a mansion.; A district over which a feudal lord could exercise certain rights and privileges in medieval western Europe.; The lord's residence and seat of control in such a district.; Any home area or territory in which authority is exercised, often in a police or criminal context.; One's neighbourhood.
Manor: (N) A surname.
manors: (n) plural of manor
Manors: (N) plural of Manor
manos: (n) plural of mano
manque: (aj) unable to fully realise one's ambitions; would-be
manques: (n) plural of manque
mans: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of man(n) plural of man(n) Synonym of man
Mans: (N) plural of Man(N) Alternative form of Le Mans (“Lemans”) A place in France
manse: (v) To excommunicate; curse.(n) A house inhabited by the minister of a parish.; A family dwelling, an owner-occupied house.; A large house, a mansion.
manta: (n) A kind of fabric or blanket used in Latin America and southwestern United States.; Ellipsis of manta ray.
Manta: (N) A Grassfields language spoken in Cameroon.
mantel: (n) The shelf above a fireplace which may be also a structural support for the masonry of the chimney.; A maneuver to surmount a ledge, involving pushing down on the ledge to bring up the body. Also called a mantelshelf.(v) To surmount a ledge by pushing down on the ledge to bring up the body.
Mantel: (N) A surname.
mantic: (aj) Relating to divination; prophetic.(n) A soothsayer, a seer.
mantically: (adv) plural of mantic
mantis: (n) Any of various large insects of the order Mantodea that catch insects or other small animals with their powerful forelegs.; A green colour, like that of many mantises.
mantle: (n) A piece of clothing somewhat like an open robe or cloak, especially that worn by Orthodox bishops. (Compare mantum.); A figurative garment representing authority or status, capable of affording protection.; Anything that covers or conceals something else; a cloak.; The body wall of a mollusc, from which the shell is secreted.; The back of a bird together with the folded wings.; The zone of hot gases around a flame.; A gauzy fabric impregnated with metal nitrates, used in some kinds of gas and oil lamps and lanterns, which forms a rigid but fragile mesh of metal oxides when heated during initial use and then produces white light from the heat of the flame below it. (So called because it is hung above the lamp's flame like a mantel.); The outer wall and casing of a blast furnace, above the hearth.; A penstock for a water wheel.; The cerebral cortex.; The layer between the Earth's core and crust.; A fireplace shelf; Alternative spelling of mantel; A mantling.(v) To cover or conceal (something); to cloak; to disguise.; To become covered or concealed.; To spread like a mantle (especially of blood in the face and cheeks when a person flushes).
Mantle: (N) A surname.
mantra: (n) The hymn portions of the Vedas; any passage of these used as a prayer.; A phrase repeated to assist concentration during meditation.; A slogan or phrase often repeated.
mantua: (n) An article of loose clothing popular in 17th- and 18th century France.; A superior kind of rich silk formerly exported from Mantua in Italy.; A woman's cloak or mantle.; A woman's gown.
Mantua: (N) Province of Lombardy, Italy.; City and capital of Mantua.; A town in Pinar del Río, Cuba,; A village in Ohio.
manual: (n) A handbook.; A booklet that instructs on the usage of a particular machine or product.; A drill in the use of weapons, etc.; An old office-book like the modern Roman Catholic ritual.(aj) Performed with the hands.; Operated by means of the hands.; Performed by a human rather than a machine.(n) A device that is operated using the hands, or by a human rather than a machine.; A manual transmission; a gearbox, especially of a motorized vehicle, shifted by the operator.; A device that is operated using the hands, or by a human rather than a machine.; A vehicle with a manual transmission.; A device that is operated using the hands, or by a human rather than a machine.; A keyboard for the hands on a harpsichord, organ, or other musical instrument.; A device that is operated using the hands, or by a human rather than a machine.; A manual typewriter (as contrasted with an electronic one).; A procedure or operation that is done using the hands, or by a human rather than machine.; Manual measurement of the blood pressure, done with a manual sphygmomanometer.; A procedure or operation that is done using the hands, or by a human rather than machine.; A bicycle technique whereby the front wheel is held aloft by the rider, without the use of pedal force.; A procedure or operation that is done using the hands, or by a human rather than machine.; A similar maneuver on a skateboard, lifting the front or back wheels while keeping the tail or nose of the board from touching the ground.; Manual control or operation.
Manual: (N) A male given name from Spanish: a rare spelling variant of Manuel, sometimes considered erroneous.
manure: (v) To cultivate by manual labor; to till; hence, to develop by culture.; To apply manure (as fertilizer or soil improver).(n) Animal excrement, especially that of common domestic farm animals and when used as fertilizer. Generally speaking, from cows, horses, sheep, pigs and chickens.; Any fertilizing substance, whether of animal origin or not; fertiliser.; Rubbish; nonsense; bullshit.
Manus: (N) A surname, from Irish.(N) An island and a province in northern Papua New Guinea.; A subgroup of about two dozen Oceanic languages located on Manus Island and nearby offshore islands in Manus Province.
manx: (aj) Manx (pertaining to the Isle of Man or to the Manx language); manx (colloquial or slang) tailless (referring to the Manx cat)
Manx: (aj) Relating to the Isle of Man and/or its Celto-Germanic people.; Relating to the Manx language (also known as Manx Gaelic), a Gaelic language of the Goidelic family.; Relating to the Manx cat breed.(n) A member or descendant of the Celto-Germanic people of the Isle of Man; a Manxman or Manxwoman.; the Manx; Manx people.; A breed of domestic cat native to the Isle of Man, principally characterized by suppression of the tail, and with a short-haired coat and rounded, cobby body.; With a truncated or missing tail.; A cat of the Manx breed; a Manx cat.(N) A Goidelic language spoken on the Isle of Man.
many: (d) An indefinite large number of.; Used to indicate, demonstrate or compare the number of people or things.(P) An indefinite large number of people or things.(n) A multitude; a great aggregate; a mass of people; the generality; the common herd.; A considerable number.(aj) Existing in large number; numerous.
Many: (N) A surname.; A town, the parish seat of Sabine Parish, Louisiana, United States.
Maoism: (n) The philosophy espoused by Chinese leader Mao Zedong, a form of Marxism-Leninism that focuses on the peasantry as the revolutionary vanguard.
Maori: (aj) Of, from, or pertaining to the Maori.(n) A member of the indigenous people of Aotearoa New Zealand.(N) The language of these people.
map: (n) A visual representation of an area, whether real or imaginary, showing the relative positions of places and other features.; A graphical or logical representation of any structure or system, showing the positions of or relationships between its components.; A function.; Any of various nymphalid butterflies of the genera Araschnia (especially, Araschnia levana) and Cyrestis, having map-like markings on the wings.; The face.; An imaginary or fictional area, often predefined and confined, where a game or a session thereof takes place.(v) To represent by means of a map.; To create a map of; to examine or survey in order to gather information for a map.; To have a direct relationship; to correspond.; To create a direct relationship to; to create a correspondence with.; To act as a function on something, taking it to something else.; To assign a drive letter to a shared folder.
maple: (n) A tree of the genus Acer, characterised by its usually palmate leaves and winged seeds.; The wood of such a tree, prized for its hardness and attractive appearance
Maple: (N) A surname.; An unincorporated community in West Virginia.; A town in Wisconsin.; An urban community in Vaughan, York Region, Ontario, Canada.
maples: (n) plural of maple
mapped: (v) simple past tense and past participle of map
maps: (n) plural of map(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of map
maquis: (n) Dense Mediterranean coastal scrub.; The French resistance movement during World War II, or other similar movements elsewhere.
mar: (v) To spoil; to ruin; to scathe; to damage.(n) A blemish.(n) A small lake.(n) Alternative form of mayor and mair.
Mar: (N) Alternative form of Mar.(N) An earldom in the Scottish peerage.(n) A title of respect in Syriac, given to all saints and also used before the Christian names of bishops.
mara: (n) A nightmare; a spectre or wraith-like creature in Germanic and particularly Scandinavian folklore; a female demon who torments people in sleep by crouching on their chests or stomachs, or by causing terrifying visions.(n) A type of god that prevents accomplishment or success.; Any malicious or evil spirit.(n) Any caviid rodent of genus Dolichotis, common in the Patagonian steppes of Argentina.
Mara: (N) A Maran Australian Aboriginal prefixing language spoken in southeastern Arnhem Land in the Northern Territory.(N) A female given name from Hebrew(N) Hindu god of death; opposite of Kama.(N) Slavic goddess of winter and death; Marena or Maržanna.(n) A member of a predominantly agricultural tribe of southern Assam and western Burma.
maraca: (n) A Latin American percussion instrument consisting of a hollow-gourd rattle containing pebbles or beans and often played in pairs, as a rhythm instrument.; breasts
maraud: (v) To move about in roving fashion looking for plunder.; To go about aggressively or in a predatory manner.; To raid and pillage.
marble: (n) A metamorphic rock of crystalline limestone.; A small ball used in games, originally of marble but now usually of glass or ceramic.; Statues made from marble.(v) To cause (something to have) the streaked or swirled appearance of certain types of marble, for example by mixing viscous ingredients incompletely, or by applying paint or other colorants unevenly.; To get or have the streaked or swirled appearance of certain types of marble, for example due to the incomplete mixing of viscous ingredients, or the uneven application of paint or other colorants.; To cause meat, usually beef, pork, or lamb, to be interlaced with fat so that its appearance resembles that of marble.; To become interlaced with fat; (of fat) to interlace through meat.; To lace or be laced throughout.(aj) Made of, or resembling, marble.; Cold; hard; unfeeling.
Marble: (N) A surname.
marc: (n) The refuse matter that remains after fruit, particularly grapes, has been pressed.; An alcoholic spirit distilled from the marc of grapes.(n) A weight of various commodities, especially of gold and silver, used in different European countries. In France and Holland it was equal to eight ounces.; A coin formerly current in England and Scotland, equal to thirteen shillings and four pence.; A German coin and money of account; the mark.
Marc: (N) A male given name from French, equivalent to English Mark
marcel: (n) A hairstyle characterized by deep waves made by a curling iron.; A marcel wave.(v) To wave (hair) by the marcel method.; To wave.
Marcel: (N) A male given name from French
march: (n) A formal, rhythmic way of walking, used especially by soldiers, bands and in ceremonies.; A political rally or parade; Any song in the genre of music written for marching (see Wikipedia's article on this type of music); Steady forward movement or progression.; The feat of taking all the tricks of a hand.(v) To walk with long, regular strides, as a soldier does.; To cause someone to walk somewhere.; To go to war; to make military advances.; To make steady progress.(n) A border region, especially one originally set up to defend a boundary.; A region at a frontier governed by a marquess.; Any of various territories with similar meanings or etymologies in their native languages.(v) To have common borders or frontiers(n) Smallage.
March: (N) The third month of the Gregorian calendar, following February and preceding April. Abbreviation: Mar or Mar.; A surname, from Middle English for someone born in March, or for someone living near a boundary (marche).; A male given name from English.; A market town and civil parish with a town council in Fenland district, Cambridgeshire, England (OS grid ref TL4196).
mare: (n) An adult female horse.; A foolish woman.(n) A type of evil spirit formerly thought to sit on the chest of a sleeping person; also, the feeling of suffocation felt during sleep, attributed to such a spirit.; (Clipping of nightmare) A nightmare; a frustrating or terrible experience.(n) A large, dark plain, which may have the appearance of a sea.; On Saturn's moon Titan, a large expanse of what is thought to be liquid hydrocarbons.(n) Alternative form of mayor and mair.
mares: (n) plural of mare
Mares: (N) A surname.
margay: (n) Leopardus wiedii, a spotted cat native to Central and South America.
marge: (n) margin; edge; verge.(n) margarine.
Marge: (N) A short form of the female given name Margaret.
margin: (n) The edge of the paper, typically left blank when printing but sometimes used for annotations etc.; The edge or border of any flat surface.; The edge defining inclusion in or exclusion from a set or group.; A difference or ratio between results, characteristics, scores.; A permissible difference; allowing some freedom to move within limits.; The yield or profit; the selling price minus the cost of production.; Collateral security deposited with a broker, to compensate the broker in the event of loss in the speculative buying and selling of stocks, commodities, etc.; That which is ancillary; periphery.(v) To add a margin to.; To enter (notes etc.) into the margin.; To trade (securities etc.) on margin (collateral).
Marian: (N) A female given name from Hebrew.(aj) Of or relating to the Virgin Mary.; Of or relating to Mary, Queen of Scots.(n) One of the Scots who remained loyal to Mary, Queen of Scots in the disputes following her deposition.(aj) Of or relating to Gaius Marius, Ancient Roman general and statesman.(aj) Of or relating to the Mari people.
Marie: (N) A female given name from Hebrew
maries: (n) plural of mary
marina: (n) A harbour for small boats.
Marina: (N) A female given name from Latin.; A city in Monterey County, California, United States.
marine: (aj) Belonging to or characteristic of the sea; existing or found in the sea; formed or produced by the sea.; Relating to or connected with the sea (in operation, scope, etc.), especially as pertains to shipping, a navy, or naval forces.; Used or adapted for use at sea.; Inhabiting the high seas; oceanic; pelagic. (distinguished from maritime or littoral); Belonging to or situated at the seaside; maritime.(n) A soldier, normally a member of a marine corps, trained to serve on board or from a ship; A painting representing some marine subject.(v) To adapt for use in a marine environment.; To temporarily inundate with water and/or other marine substances.; To equip (a boat) with sailors and other personnel required for an ocean voyage.
Marine: (aj) Of, or pertaining to, a marine corps.(n) A member of a marine corps.
marish: (n) A marsh.(aj) Marshy; growing in bogs or marshes.
Marist: (n) A member of any of several Roman Catholic organizations named after the Virgin Mary(aj) Of or pertaining to these organizations or their members
mark: (n) Boundary, land within a boundary.; A boundary; a border or frontier.; Boundary, land within a boundary.; A boundary-post or fence.; Boundary, land within a boundary.; A stone or post used to indicate position and guide travellers.; Boundary, land within a boundary.; A type of small region or principality.; Boundary, land within a boundary.; A common, or area of common land, especially among early Germanic peoples.; Characteristic, sign, visible impression.; An omen; a symptomatic indicator of something.; Characteristic, sign, visible impression.; A characteristic feature.; Characteristic, sign, visible impression.; A visible impression or sign; a blemish, scratch, or stain, whether accidental or intentional.; Characteristic, sign, visible impression.; A sign or brand on a person.; Characteristic, sign, visible impression.; A written character or sign.; Characteristic, sign, visible impression.; A stamp or other indication of provenance, quality etc.; Characteristic, sign, visible impression.; Resemblance, likeness, image.; Characteristic, sign, visible impression.; A particular design or make of an item (now usually with following numeral).; Characteristic, sign, visible impression.; A score for finding the correct answer, or other academic achievement; the sum of such point gained as out of a possible total.; Indicator of position, objective etc.; A target for shooting at with a projectile.; Indicator of position, objective etc.; An indication or sign used for reference or measurement.; Indicator of position, objective etc.; The target or intended victim of a swindle, fixed game or con game.; Indicator of position, objective etc.; The female genitals.; Indicator of position, objective etc.; A catch of the ball directly from a kick of 10 metres or more without having been touched in transit, resulting in a free kick.; Indicator of position, objective etc.; The line indicating an athlete's starting-point.; Indicator of position, objective etc.; A score for a sporting achievement.; Indicator of position, objective etc.; An official note that is added to a record kept about someone's behavior or performance.; Indicator of position, objective etc.; A specified level on a scale denoting gas-powered oven temperatures.; Indicator of position, objective etc.; The model number of a device; a device model.; Indicator of position, objective etc.; Limit or standard of action or fact.; Indicator of position, objective etc.; Badge or sign of honour, rank, or official station.; Indicator of position, objective etc.; Preeminence; high position.; Indicator of position, objective etc.; A characteristic or essential attribute; a differential.; Indicator of position, objective etc.; One of the bits of leather or coloured bunting placed upon a sounding line at intervals of from two to five fathoms. (The unmarked fathoms are called "deeps".); Attention.; Attention, notice.; Attention.; Importance, noteworthiness. (Generally in postmodifier “of mark”.); Attention.; Regard; respect.(v) To put a mark on (something); to make (something) recognizable by a mark; to label or write on (something).; To leave a mark (often an undesirable or unwanted one) on (something).; To have a long-lasting negative impact on (someone or something).; To create an indication of (a location).; To be an indication of (something); to show where (something) is located.; To indicate (something) in writing or by other symbols.; To create (a mark) on a surface.; To celebrate or acknowledge (an event) through an action of some kind.; To identify (someone as a particular type of person or as having a particular role).; To assign (someone) to a particular category or class.; To choose or intend (someone) for a particular end or purpose.; To be a point in time or space at which something takes place; to accompany or be accompanied by (an event, action, etc.); to coincide with.; To be typical or characteristic of (something).; To distinguish (one person or thing from another).; To focus one's attention on (something or someone); to pay attention to, to take note of.; To become aware of (something) through the physical senses.; To hold (someone) in one's line of sight.; To indicate the correctness of and give a score to (a school assignment, exam answers, etc.).; To record that (someone) has a particular status.; To keep account of; to enumerate and register; to keep score.; To follow a player not in possession of the ball when defending, to prevent them receiving a pass easily.; To catch the ball directly from a kick of 15 metres or more without having been touched in transit, resulting in a free kick.; To put a marker in the place of one's ball.; To sing softly, sometimes an octave lower than usual, in order to protect one's voice during a rehearsal.(n) A measure of weight (especially for gold and silver), once used throughout Europe, equivalent to 8 oz.; An English and Scottish unit of currency (originally valued at one mark weight of silver), equivalent to 13 shillings and fourpence.; Any of various European monetary units, especially the base unit of currency of (West) Germany between 1948 and 2002, equal to 100 pfennigs.; A coin worth one mark.(v) Alternative form of march.
Mark: (N) A male given name from Latin.; A surname.; Mark the Evangelist, also called John Mark, the first patriarch of Alexandria, credited with the authorship of the Gospel of Mark.; The Gospel of St. Mark, a book of the New Testament of the Bible. Traditionally the second of the four gospels.
marked: (aj) Having a visible or identifying mark.; Having a secret mark on the back for cheating.; Clearly evident; noticeable; conspicuous.; Distinguished by a positive feature.; Singled out; suspicious; treated with hostility; the object of vengeance.; In police livery, as opposed to unmarked.(v) simple past tense and past participle of mark
marker: (n) Someone or something that creates marks, particularly; A felt-tipped pen, a marker pen.; Someone or something that creates marks, particularly; A scorekeeper, especially one who tallies billiard scores.; Someone or something that creates marks, particularly; A device that fires a paintball.; Someone or something used to mark a position or amount, particularly; A real or virtual objective, something to be aimed for.; Someone or something used to mark a position or amount, particularly; Synonym of IOU, an informal record of a debt.; Someone or something used to mark a position or amount, particularly; A free or bound morpheme indicating a grammatical function.; Someone or something used to mark a position or amount, particularly; Short for discourse marker.; Someone or something used to mark a position or amount, particularly; A gene or DNA sequence with a known location on a chromosome that can be used to identify individuals or species.; Someone or something used to mark a position or amount, particularly; A substance used as an indicator for diagnosis or other analysis, a biomarker.; Someone or something used to mark a position or amount, particularly; The soldier who forms the pilot of a wheeling column or marks the direction of an alignment.; Someone or something used to mark a position or amount, particularly; A sewing machine attachment that creases the fabric to mark a line; Someone or something used to mark a position or amount, particularly; A counter, especially one used in card games.; Someone who assigns marks on tests, examinations, &c., a grader.; The ink marks or residue of a felt-tipped pen.; A personal favor owed to someone, whether written or not.; A formal certification that a company was the first to approach a competition authority to reveal the existence of a cartel, generally entitling it to greater leniency during the cartel's dissolution and punishment.; A player on defense used to mark one or more offensive players.; A player employed by a private club to compete against members.(v) To mark or write on (something) using a marker
market: (n) A gathering of people for the purchase and sale of merchandise at a set time, often periodic.; City square or other fairly spacious site where traders set up stalls and buyers browse the merchandise.; A grocery store; A group of potential customers for one's product.; A geographical area where a certain commercial demand exists.; A formally organized, sometimes monopolistic, system of trading in specified goods or effects.; The sum total traded in a process of individuals trading for certain commodities.; The price for which a thing is sold in a market; hence, value; worth.(v) To make (products or services) available for sale and promote them.; To sell; To deal in a market; to buy or sell; to make bargains for provisions or goods.
Market: (N) A surname.
markka: (n) A (Finnish) mark, the currency used in Finland before the introduction of the euro, consisting of 100 penni. Abbreviation FIM.
marks: (n) plural of mark(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mark
Marks: (N) plural of Mark(N) A surname, from given names derived from the given name Mark.; A city, the county seat of Quitman County, Mississippi, United States.
markup: (n) The percentage or amount by which a seller hikes up his buy-in price when determining his selling price.; An increase in price.; The notation that is used to indicate the meaning of the elements in an electronic document, or to dictate how text should be displayed.; The process by which proposed legislation is debated and amended.
marl: (n) A mixed earthy substance, consisting of carbonate of lime, clay, and possibly sand, in very variable proportions, and accordingly designated as calcareous, clayey, or sandy.(v) To cover with the earthy substance called marl.(v) To cover, as part of a rope, with marline, marking a peculiar hitch at each turn to prevent unwinding.
marlin: (n) Any species of game fish belonging to either of the genera Tetrapturus or Makaira. Every such species has a pointed, spear-like projection of the upper jaw.
Marlin: (N) A surname.; A city, the county seat of Falls County, Texas, United States. Named after John Marlin.
marm: (n) madam; a polite term of address for a lady.
marmot: (n) Any of several large ground-dwelling rodents of the genera Marmota and Cynomys in the squirrel family.
Marne: (N) A river in France, a right tributary of the Seine in the area east and southeast of Paris.; One of the departments of Champagne-Ardenne, now of Grand Est, France. Capital: Châlons-en-Champagne (INSEE code 51).; A city in Iowa; A census-designated place in Ohio; A town in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany
maroon: (n) An escaped negro of the Caribbean and the Americas or a descendant of such a person.; A castaway; a person who has been marooned.(aj) Associated with Maroon culture, communities or peoples.(v) To abandon in a remote, desolate place, as on a desert island.(n) A rich dark red, somewhat brownish, color.(aj) Of a maroon color(n) A rocket-propelled firework or skyrocket, often one used as a signal (e.g. to summon the crew of a lifeboat or warn of an air raid).(n) An idiot; a fool.
Maroon: (n) Alternative form of maroon (“descendant of escaped slaves”)(N) A surname.(n) A member of the Queensland State of Origin rugby league team, who wear maroon-coloured jerseys.
marque: (n) A license to pass the limits of a jurisdiction, or boundary of a country, for the purpose of making reprisals; a letter of marque.; A brand or make of a manufactured product, especially of a motor car (in contradistinction to a model).; A ship commissioned for making captures.
marred: (aj) Of a person, perplexed or troubled; Of a child, spoilt, cosseted, overly indulged(v) simple past tense and past participle of mar
marron: (n) A sweet chestnut.(n) Cherax tenuimanus, a species of freshwater crayfish from Western Australia.
Marron: (N) A surname, from French.
marrow: (n) The substance inside bones which produces blood cells.; A kind of vegetable like a large courgette/zucchini or squash.; The pith of certain plants.; The essence; the best part.; The inner meaning or purpose.; Bone marrow biopsy.; Semen.(n) A friend, pal, buddy, mate.; One of a pair; a match; a companion; an intimate associate.
Marrow: (N) A surname.
marrowed: (v) plural of marrow
marrowing: (v) plural of marrow
marry: (v) To enter into the conjugal or connubial state; to take a husband or a wife.; To enter into marriage with one another.; To take as husband or wife.; To arrange for the marriage of; to give away as wife or husband.; To unite in wedlock or matrimony; to perform the ceremony of joining spouses; to bring about a marital union according to the laws or customs of a place.; To join or connect. See also marry up.; To unite; to join together into a close union.; To place (two ropes) alongside each other so that they may be grasped and hauled on at the same time.; To join (two ropes) end to end so that both will pass through a block.(i) indeed!, in truth!; a term of asseveration.
mars: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mar(n) plural of mar
Mars: (N) The fourth planet in the solar system. Symbol: ♂; The Roman god of war.; War; a personification of war.(N) The Mars Bar, a brand of chocolate bar with caramel and nougat filling.(n) Alternative form of Mas
marsh: (n) An area of low, wet land, often with tall grass.
Marsh: (N) A topographic surname, from Middle English for someone living by a marsh.; A hamlet in Great and Little Kimble cum Marsh parish, Buckinghamshire, England, previously in Wycombe district (OS grid ref SP8109).
marshy: (aj) Of, or resembling a marsh; boggy.; Growing in marshy ground.
mart: (n) Diminutive of market.; A shop, store; Diminutive of market.; A bazaar, fair, marketplace; A bargain.(v) To buy or sell in, or as in a mart.; To traffic.(n) Battle; contest.(n) Marque (chiefly used in the phrase letters of mart).(n) A head of feeder cattle or fattened cattle (usually the latter).; Salt beef.
martel: (n) A hammer, especially a war hammer.(v) To strike a blow with, or as with, a hammer.
Martel: (N) A surname.
marten: (n) Any carnivorous mammal of the genus Martes in the family Mustelidae.(n) Archaic form of martin (the bird)
Marten: (N) A surname.
Martha: (N) A female given name from Aramaic of biblical origin.; The sister of Lazarus and Mary in the New Testament.(n) A miniature greenhouse with a humidifier, used for growing mushrooms.
martin: (n) Any of various passerine birds of the family Hirundinidae, which also includes swallows, that catch insects whilst flying.(n) A perforated stone-faced runner for grinding.
Martin: (N) A male given name from Latin originally given in honor of a fourth century soldier-saint.; A patronymic surname, from given names.; An surname, from Middle English for someone who lived near a mere.; A small city, the county seat of Bennett County, South Dakota, United States.; A village in Langdon parish, Dover district, Kent, England (OS grid ref TR3347).
marts: (n) plural of mart
martyr: (n) One who willingly accepts being put to death for adhering openly to one's religious beliefs; notably, saints canonized after martyrdom.; One who sacrifices their life, station, or something of great personal value, for the sake of principle or to sustain a cause.; One who suffers greatly and/or constantly, even involuntarily.(v) To make someone into a martyr by putting them to death for adhering to, or acting in accordance with, some belief, especially religious; to sacrifice on account of faith or profession.; To persecute.; To torment; to torture.
marvel: (n) That which causes wonder; a prodigy; a miracle.; Wonder, astonishment.(v) To become filled with wonderment or admiration; to be amazed at something.; To marvel at.; To cause to marvel or be surprised.
Marvel: (N) A surname.
Marvin: (N) A male given name from Welsh.; A surname, from Welsh.; A village in North Carolina.; A town in South Dakota.
Marx: (N) A surname, from German; (economics, politics, sociology) used specifically of Karl Marx (1818–1883), a German political philosopher, economist, and sociologist.
mary: (n) Alternative letter-case form of Mary (“male homosexual”)
Mary: (N) A female given name from Latin, Ancient Greek, Aramaic, or Hebrew.; The Virgin Mary, the mother of Christ.; The 19th sura (chapter) of the Qur'an.; Any of several other women in the New Testament, notably Mary Magdalene and Mary of Bethany, the sister of Martha.; A male homosexual.; A middle name for a male, given in honour of the Virgin Mary.
mas: (n) A country cottage or farmstead in southern France.(n) plural of ma(n) A type of traveling dramatic performance conducted as part of a parade celebrating Carnival, originating in Trinidad and Tobago and performed throughout the Caribbean.
MAs: (n) plural of MA
Mas: (n) Master, used as a title of respect.; The title of someone holding a Master of Arts, especially a Presbyterian minister.
masa: (n) A strong form of paper, smooth on one side and lightly textured on the other, used for drawing and painting(n) maize dough made from freshly prepared hominy, used for making tortillas, tamales, etc.
Masa: (N) A female given name from Japanese
masas: (n) plural of masa
mascle: (n) A lozenge-shaped piece of metal, used in making scale mail.; A lozenge with a smaller lozenge-shaped hole in the centre.
mascon: (n) A region within a solid astronomical body that is of higher density than the surrounding material.; A lunar mare that has a greater density of rock than the surrounding area.; mass concentration
Mascon: (N) Synonym of Mâcon.(n) Synonym of Macon.
mascot: (n) Something thought to bring good luck.; Something, especially a person or animal, used to symbolize a sports team, company, organization or other group.(v) To act as a mascot (for).
Mascot: (N) A suburb in southeastern Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
maser: (n) a device for the coherent amplification or generation of electromagnetic radiation (especially of microwave frequency) by the use of excitation energy in resonant atomic or molecular systems; Any celestial object that generates microwaves using the same method(n) Obsolete spelling of mazer
mash: (n) A mass of mixed ingredients reduced to a soft pulpy state by beating or pressure; a mass of anything in a soft pulpy state.; Ground or bruised malt, or meal of rye, wheat, corn, or other grain (or a mixture of malt and meal) steeped and stirred in hot water for making the wort.; Mashed potatoes.; A mixture of meal or bran and water fed to animals.; A mess; trouble.(v) To convert into a mash; to reduce to a soft pulpy state by beating or pressure; In brewing, to convert (for example malt, or malt and meal) into the mash which makes wort.; To press down hard (on).; To press.; To prepare a cup of tea in a teapot; to brew (tea).; To act violently.; To press (a button) rapidly and repeatedly.(n) A mesh.(v) to flirt, to make eyes, to make romantic advances(n) an infatuation, a crush, a fancy; a dandy, a masher; the object of one’s affections (either sex)(n) A gun.
Mash: (N) A surname.
mashed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of mash(aj) Broken up into a pulpy state.; intoxicated
mashie: (n) A metal-headed golf club with a moderate loft, the equivalent of a five iron in a modern set of clubs.
masjid: (n) A mosque.
mask: (n) A cover, or partial cover, for the face, used for disguise or protection.; That which disguises; a pretext or subterfuge.; A festive entertainment of dancing or other diversions, where all wear masks; a masquerade.; A person wearing a mask.; A dramatic performance in which the actors wore masks and represented mythical or allegorical characters.; A grotesque head or face, used to adorn keystones and other prominent parts, to spout water in fountains, and the like.; In a permanent fortification, a redoubt which protects the caponiere.; A screen for a battery.; The lower lip of the larva of a dragonfly, modified so as to form a prehensile organ.; A flat covering used to block off an unwanted portion of a scene or image.; A pattern of bits used in bitwise operations; bitmask.; A two-color (black and white) bitmap generated from an image, used to create transparency in the image.; The head of a fox, shown face-on and cut off immediately behind the ears.; A social phenomenon where autistic people learn, practice, and perform certain behaviors and suppress others in order to appear more neurotypical.(v) To cover (the face or something else), in order to conceal the identity or protect against injury; to cover with a mask or visor.; To disguise as something else.; To conceal from view or knowledge; to cover; to hide.; To conceal; also, to intervene in the line of.; To cover or keep in check.; To take part as a masker in a masquerade.; To wear a mask.; To disguise oneself, to be disguised in any way.; To conceal or disguise one's autism.; to cover or shield a part of a design or picture in order to prevent reproduction or to safeguard the surface from the colors used when working with an air brush or painting; To set or unset (certain bits, or binary digits, within a value) by means of a bitmask.; To disable (an interrupt, etc.) by setting or unsetting the associated bit.(n) mesh; The mesh of a net; a net; net-bag.(n) Mash.(v) To mash.; (brewing) To mix malt with hot water to yield wort.; To be infused or steeped.; To prepare tea in a teapot; alternative to brew.(v) To bewilder; confuse.
masked: (v) simple past tense and past participle of mask(aj) Wearing a mask or masks.; Characterized by masks.; Concealed; hidden.; Personate.; Having the anterior part of the head differing decidedly in color from the rest of the plumage.
masker: (v) To render giddy or senseless; To be bewildered.; To choke; stifle.; To decay; rust.(n) One who wears a mask; one who appears in disguise at a masquerade or wears a mask in a ritual.; That which masks (noise in a signal, etc.).
Masker: (N) A surname.
masks: (n) plural of mask(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mask
mason: (n) A bricklayer, one whose occupation is to build with stone or brick; One who prepares stone for building purposes.; A member of the fraternity of Freemasons. See Freemason.(v) To build stonework or brickwork about, under, in, over, etc.; to construct by masons
Mason: (N) An occupational surname, from occupations for a stonemason.; A male given name transferred from the surname.; A number of places in the United States:; A town in Effingham County, Illinois.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Grant County, Kentucky.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Magoffin County, Kentucky.; A number of places in the United States:; A city, the county seat of Ingham County, Michigan.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Houghton County, Michigan.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Lyon County, Nevada.; A number of places in the United States:; A town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire.; A number of places in the United States:; A city in Warren County, Ohio.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Okfuskee County, Oklahoma.; A number of places in the United States:; A ghost town in Butte County, South Dakota.; A number of places in the United States:; A town in Tipton County, Tennessee.; A number of places in the United States:; A city, the county seat of Mason County, Texas.; A number of places in the United States:; A town in Mason County, West Virginia.; A number of places in the United States:; A town and village therein, in Bayfield County, Wisconsin.; Ellipsis of George Mason University.(n) A Freemason.
masons: (n) plural of mason(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mason
Masons: (n) plural of Mason
masque: (n) A dramatic performance, often performed at court as a royal entertainment, consisting of dancing, dialogue, pantomime and song.; Words and music written for a masque.; A masquerade.; Archaic form of mask.; A facial mask.(v) Archaic form of mask.
mass: (n) Matter, material.; A quantity of matter cohering together so as to make one body, or an aggregation of particles or things which collectively make one body or quantity, usually of considerable size.; Matter, material.; Precious metal, especially gold or silver.; Matter, material.; The quantity of matter which a body contains, irrespective of its bulk or volume. It is one of four fundamental properties of matter. It is measured in kilograms in the SI system of measurement.; Matter, material.; A medicinal substance made into a cohesive, homogeneous lump, of consistency suitable for making pills; as, blue mass.; Matter, material.; A palpable or visible abnormal globular structure; a tumor.; Matter, material.; Excess body weight, especially in the form of muscle hypertrophy.; Matter, material.; Synonym of weight; A large quantity; a sum.; Bulk; magnitude; body; size.; A large quantity; a sum.; The principal part; the main body.; A large quantity; a sum.; A large body of individuals, especially persons.; A large quantity; a sum.; The lower classes of persons.(v) To form or collect into a mass; to form into a collective body; to bring together into masses; to assemble.; To have a certain mass.(aj) Involving a mass of things; concerning a large quantity or number.; Involving a mass of people; of, for, or by the masses.(n) The Eucharist, now especially in Roman Catholicism.; Celebration of the Eucharist.; The sacrament of the Eucharist.; A musical setting of parts of the mass.(v) To celebrate mass.
Mass: (n) The principal liturgical service of the Church, including a scripture service and a eucharistic service, which includes the consecration and oblation (offering) of the host and wine.; A similar ceremony offered by a number of Christian churches.; A musical composition set to portions of the Mass.(N) Alternative form of Mas
massa: (n) Pronunciation spelling of master, representing African-American Vernacular English.
Massa: (n) Pronunciation spelling of master, representing African-American Vernacular English.(N) A town in Tuscany, Italy; A surname.
massed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of mass
massedly: (adv) plural of massed
masses: (n) plural of mass(n) People, especially a large number of people; the general population.; The total population.; The lower classes or all but the elite.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mass
Masses: (n) plural of Mass
Massey: (N) A surname.
massif: (n) A principal mountain mass.; A block of the earth's crust bounded by faults or flexures and displaced as a unit without internal change; normally consists of gneisses and schists
massy: (aj) Heavy; massive.(n) Pronunciation spelling of mercy.(n) Pronunciation spelling of master.
mast: (n) A tall, slim post or tower, usually tapering upward, used to support, for example, sails on a ship, the main rotor of a helicopter, flags, floodlights, meteorological instruments, or communications equipment, such as an aerial, usually supported by guy-wires (except in the case of a helicopter).; A non-judicial punishment ("NJP"); a disciplinary hearing under which a commanding officer studies and disposes of cases involving those under his command.(v) To supply and fit a mast to (a ship).(n) The fruit of forest-trees (beech, oak, chestnut, pecan, etc.), especially if having fallen from the tree, used as fodder for pigs and other animals.(v) To feed on forest seed or fruit.; To produce a very large quantity of fruit or seed in certain years but not others.(n) A type of heavy cue, with the broad end of which one strikes the ball.
Mast: (N) A surname.
master: (n) Someone who has control over something or someone.; The owner of an animal or slave.; The captain of a merchant ship; a master mariner.; The head of a household.; Someone who employs others.; An expert at something.; A tradesman who is qualified to teach apprentices.; A schoolmaster.; A skilled artist.; A man or a boy; mister. See Master.; A master's degree; a type of postgraduate degree, usually undertaken after a bachelor degree.; A person holding such a degree.; The original of a document or of a recording.; The primary wide shot of a scene, into which the closeups will be edited later.; A parajudicial officer (such as a referee, an auditor, an examiner, or an assessor) specially appointed to help a court with its proceedings.; A device that is controlling other devices or is an authoritative source.; A person holding an office of authority, especially the presiding officer.; A person holding a similar office in other civic societies.; A dominant.(aj) Masterful.; Main, principal or predominant.; Highly skilled.; Original.(v) To be a master.; To become the master of; to subject to one's will, control, or authority; to conquer; to overpower; to subdue.; To learn to a high degree of proficiency.; To own; to possess.; To make a master copy of.; To earn a Master's degree.(n) A vessel having a specified number of masts.
Master: (n) Prepended to a boy's name or surname as a (now somewhat formal) form of address.; A religious teacher, often as an honorific title.; The title of the head of certain colleges and schools.; A master's degree.; A person holding a master's degree, as a title.; The title of the eldest son of a Scots lord.; The owner of a slave, in some literature.; Used as the title of a dominant.(N) One of the triune gods of the Horned God in Wicca alongside the Father and Sage and representing a boy or a young man; MasterCard
mastic: (n) An evergreen shrub or small tree, Pistacia lentiscus (mastic tree), native to the Mediterranean.; A hard, brittle, aromatic and transparent resin produced by this tree and used to make varnishes and chewing gum, and as a flavouring.; An alcoholic liquor flavoured with this resin.; A flexible, waterproof cement used as an adhesive, sealant or filler.
masts: (n) plural of mast(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mast
mat: (n) A flat piece of coarse material used for wiping one’s feet, or as a decorative or protective floor covering.; A small flat piece of material used to protect a surface from anything hot or rough; a coaster.; A floor pad to protect athletes.; A thickly tangled mess.; A thin layer of woven, non-woven, or knitted fiber that serves as reinforcement to a material.; A thin surface layer; superficial cover.(v) To cover, protect or decorate with mats.; To form a thick, tangled mess; to interweave into, or like, a mat; to entangle.(n) An alloy of copper, tin, iron, etc.; white metal.(n) A material or component needed for a crafting recipe.(n) Alternative spelling of matte (“decorative border around a picture”)(n) Short for matrix.(aj) Alternative form of matte (“not reflecting light”)
Mat: (N) A diminutive of the male given name Matthew.; a Malay man
match: (n) A competitive sporting event such as a boxing meet, a baseball game, or a cricket match.; Any contest or trial of strength or skill, or to determine superiority.; Someone with a measure of an attribute equaling or exceeding the object of comparison.; A marriage.; A candidate for matrimony; one to be gained in marriage.; Suitability.; Equivalence; a state of correspondence.; Equality of conditions in contest or competition.; A pair of items or entities with mutually suitable characteristics.; An agreement or compact.; A perforated board, block of plaster, hardened sand, etc., in which a pattern is partly embedded when a mould is made, for giving shape to the surfaces of separation between the parts of the mould.(v) To agree; to be equal; to correspond.; To agree with; to be equal to; to correspond to.; To make a successful match or pairing.; To equal or exceed in achievement.; To unite in marriage, to mate.; To fit together, or make suitable for fitting together; specifically, to furnish with a tongue and groove at the edges.(n) A device made of wood or paper, at the tip coated with chemicals that ignite with the friction of being dragged (struck) against a rough dry surface.
mate: (n) A fellow, comrade, colleague, partner or someone with whom something is shared, e.g. shipmate, classmate.; A breeding partner.; A friend, usually of the same sex.; Friendly term of address to a stranger, usually male, of similar age.; In naval ranks, a non-commissioned officer or his subordinate (e.g. Boatswain's Mate, Gunner's Mate, Sailmaker's Mate, etc).; A ship's officer, subordinate to the master on a commercial ship.; A first mate.; A technical assistant in certain trades (e.g. gasfitter's mate, plumber's mate); sometimes an apprentice.; The other member of a matched pair of objects.; A suitable companion; a match; an equal.(v) To match, fit together without space between.; To copulate.; To pair in order to raise offspring.; To arrange in matched pairs.; To introduce (animals) together for the purpose of breeding.; To copulate with.; To marry; to match (a person).; To match oneself against; to oppose as equal; to compete with.; To fit (objects) together without space between.; To move (a space shuttle orbiter) onto the back of an aircraft that can carry it.(n) Clipping of checkmate.(v) Clipping of checkmate.(v) To confuse; to confound.(n) Alternative spelling of maté, an aromatic tea-like drink prepared from the holly yerba maté (Ilex paraguariensis).; The abovementioned plant; the leaves and shoots used for the tea
mated: (v) simple past tense and past participle of mate(aj) fitted together or interlocked
mater: (n) Mother.; A meninx; the dura mater, arachnoid mater, or pia mater of the brain.(n) Someone or something that mates.(n) Alternative form of 'mater (“tomato”)
mates: (n) plural of mate(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mate(aj) Friendly; having a friendship (with).
Mates: (N) A surname.
matey: (aj) Sociable or friendly.(n) Diminutive of mate, friend.; A fellow sailor; often used affectedly, especially when portraying a pirate.; A dockyard worker.
Matey: (N) A surname, from Slavic languages.
math: (n) Clipping of mathematics.; Arithmetic calculations; (see do the math).; A math course.(v) to do mathematical calculations(n) A mowing; what is gathered from mowing.(n) Clipping of matha.
matin: (aj) of or relating to matins(n) morning
Matin: (N) A surname.
mating: (aj) Fitting into or onto a corresponding part, as a matched plug and socket.(n) Pairing of organisms for copulation.; Sexual union; copulation.(v) present participle of mate
matins: (n) Together with lauds, the earliest of the canonical hours; normally at sunrise, but often earlier; Morning prayers(n) plural of matin
Matins: (N) plural of Matin
matrix: (n) A table of data.; The cavity or mold in which anything is formed.; The material or tissue in which more specialized structures are embedded.; An extracellular matrix, the material or tissue between the cells of animals or plants.; Part of the mitochondrion.; The medium in which bacteria are cultured.; A rectangular arrangement of numbers or terms having various uses such as transforming coordinates in geometry, solving systems of linear equations in linear algebra and representing graphs in graph theory.; A two-dimensional array.; A grid-like arrangement of electronic components, especially one intended for information coding, decoding or storage.; A geological matrix.; The sediment surrounding and including the artifacts, features, and other materials at a site.; The environment from which a given sample is taken.; In hot metal typesetting, a mold for casting a letter.; In printmaking, the plate or block used, with ink, to hold the image that makes up the print.; The five simple colours (black, white, blue, red, and yellow) from which all the others are formed.; A binding agent of composite materials, e.g. resin in fibreglass.; The womb.
Matrix: (N) A simulated reality to which many humans are connected. In some works created by sentient machines to subdue humans.; A social institution or apparatus perceived as largely deceptive or illusory.
matron: (n) A mature or elderly woman.; A wife or a widow, especially, one who has borne children.; A woman of staid or motherly manners.; A housekeeper, especially, a woman who manages the domestic economy of a public institution.; A senior female nurse in an establishment, especially a hospital or school.; A female prison officer.
mats: (n) plural of mat(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mat
Mats: (n) plural of Mat
matt: (aj) alternative spelling of matte(n) Alternative spelling of matte (“background, often painted or created with computers”); Alternative spelling of mat (“an alloy in coppersmithing”)
Matt: (N) A diminutive of the male given name Matthew; A diminutive of the male given name Matthias; A British patronymic surname, from given names, a rare variant of Matthews.; A German surname, from German.; A village in Glarus canton, Switzerland.
matte: (n) A decorative border around a picture used to inset and center the contents of a frame.; A background, often painted or created with computers; The molten metal sulfide phases typically formed during smelting of copper, nickel, and other base metals.(aj) Dull; not reflective of light.
matted: (v) simple past tense and past participle of mat(aj) forming a thick tangled mess; covered with mats or matting
matter: (n) Material, substance.; The basic structural component of the universe. Matter usually has mass and volume.; Material, substance.; Matter made up of normal particles, not antiparticles.; Material, substance.; A kind of substance.; Material, substance.; Printed material, especially in books or magazines.; Material, substance.; Aristotelian: undeveloped potentiality subject to change and development; formlessness. Matter receives form, and becomes substance.; An affair, condition, or subject, especially one of concern or (especially when preceded by the) one that is problematic.; An approximate amount or extent.; The essence; the pith; the embodiment.; Inducing cause or reason, especially of anything disagreeable or distressing.; Pus.(v) To be important.; To care about, to mind; to find important.; To form pus or matter, as an abscess; to maturate.
Matter: (N) A surname.
mature: (aj) Fully developed; grown up in terms of physical appearance, behaviour or thinking; ripe.; Brought to a state of complete readiness.; Profound; careful.; Come to, or in a state of, completed suppuration.; Suitable for adults only, due to sexual themes, violence, etc.(v) To proceed toward maturity: full development or completion (either of concrete or of abstract things, e.g. plans, judgments, qualities).; To attain maturity, to become mature or ripe.; To bring (something) to maturity, full development, or completion.; To make (something, e.g. fruit) ripe or mature.; To proceed toward or become mature or full-grown, either physically or psychologically; to gain experience or wisdom with age.; To make (someone) mature.; To reach the date when payment is due.
matzo: (n) Thin, unleavened bread in Jewish cuisine.; A piece of the above bread.
maugre: (p) Notwithstanding; in spite of.(av) Notwithstanding, despite everything.(n) Ill will; spite.
maugred: (v) plural of maugre
maugres: (v) plural of maugre
maugring: (v) plural of maugre
maul: (n) A heavy long-handled hammer, used for splitting logs by driving a wedge into them, or in combat.; A situation where the player carrying the ball, who must be on his feet, is held by one or more opponents, and one or more of the ball carrier's team mates bind onto the ball carrier.(v) To handle someone or something in a rough way.; To savage; to cause serious physical wounds (usually used of an animal).; To criticise harshly.; To beat with the heavy hammer called a maul.
mauled: (v) simple past tense and past participle of maul
maun: (v) To have to; must.
maund: (n) A wicker basket.; A unit of capacity with various specific local values.; A handbasket with two lids.(n) A unit of weight in southern and western Asia, whose value varied widely by location. Two maunds made one chest of opium in East India. One maund equalled 136 pounds of opium in Turkey.(n) begging(v) to beg; To mutter; to mumble or speak incoherently; to maunder.
maundy: (n) A commandment.; The sacrament of the Lord's supper.; The ceremony of washing the feet of poor persons or inferiors, performed as a religious rite on Maundy Thursday in commemoration of Christ's washing the disciples' feet at the Last Supper.; The office appointed to be read during the religious ceremony of foot-washing.
Mauser: (n) Any of the firearms made or designed by the German company Mauser, notably automatic pistols and bolt action rifles.
mauve: (n) A bright purple synthetic dye.; The colour of this dye; a pale purple or violet colour.(aj) Having a pale purple colour.
mavis: (n) song thrush
Mavis: (N) A female given name from English.
maw: (n) The stomach, especially of an animal.; The upper digestive tract (where food enters the body), especially the mouth and jaws of a fearsome and ravenous creature.; The mouth.; Any large, insatiable or perilous opening.; Appetite; inclination.(n) Mother.(n) A gull.
MAW: (n) Model, actress, whatever: a young woman without much talent who attains celebrity through physical attractiveness.
Maw: (N) A surname.
mawing: (v) plural of maw
mawkin: (n) Alternative form of malkin(n) Alternative form of maukin; simpleton
maxi: (aj) Having a hemline at ankle length.; Being of the largest size in its category of items.(n) A dress, coat or skirt having such a hemline.
maxim: (n) A self-evident axiom or premise; a pithy expression of a general principle or rule.; A precept; a succinct statement or observation of a rule of conduct or moral teaching.
Maxim: (n) The Maxim gun, a British machine gun of various calibres used by the British army from 1889 until World War I.
maxims: (n) plural of maxim
Maxims: (n) plural of Maxim
may: (v) To be strong; to have power (over).; To be able; can.; To be able to go.; To have permission to, to be allowed to. Used in granting permission and in questions to make polite requests; takes a simple bare infinitive.; Used to express a present or future possibility; aspectually, this sense takes a simple, progressive/continuous or perfect bare infinitive.; Used to express a wish (takes a simple bare infinitive with present subjunctive effect).; Used in modesty, courtesy, or concession, or to soften a question or remark.(n) The hawthorn bush or its blossoms.(v) To gather may, or flowers in general.; To celebrate May Day.(n) A maiden.
May: (N) The fifth month of the Gregorian calendar, following April and preceding June.; A female given name, usually pet name for Mary and Margaret, reinforced by the month and plant meaning.; A surname, from Middle English.; A number of places in the United States:; A former settlement in Amador County, California.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Lemhi County, Idaho.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in McDonald County, Missouri.; A number of places in the United States:; A small town in Harper County, Oklahoma.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Brown County, Texas.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Pocahontas County, West Virginia.; A number of places in the United States:; A number of townships in the United States, listed under May Township.
maya: (n) Magic; supernatural power as held by the gods.; The power by which the universe is made to appear; the illusion of the phenomenal world, as opposed to its true or spiritual reality.
Maya: (n) A member or descendant of various peoples:; a flourishing Mesoamerican civilization that existed in and around Guatemala from the 3rd century to the 9th century.; A member or descendant of various peoples:; various Mesoamerican peoples that continued in competing civilizations from the 10th century onward until conquered by Spain; A member or descendant of various peoples:; various Mesoamerican peoples living in the Spanish Empire, and now parts of Mexico, Guatemala and Honduras; A member or descendant of various peoples:; a variety of Mesoamerican peoples with farming from around 1000 BC onward, who developed a large civilization from the 3rd century onward(N) The Yucatec Maya language.; Any of the other various Mayan languages, such as Quiché, Mam and Tzotzil.(N) A female given name from Hebrew of modern usage.(N) In Sanskrit, illusion; God's physical and metaphysical creation (literally, "not this").; A female given name from Sanskrit used in India.(N) The mother of Gautama Buddha.
Mayan: (aj) Of or relating to the Maya people of Central America or South-eastern Mexico.(n) A Maya person.(N) A Mayan language.
maybe: (av) Modifies a verb, indicating a lack of certainty: it may be that...; Perhaps that is true (expressing no commitment to a decision or a neutral viewpoint to a statement).; Certainly.(aj) Possible; uncertain.(n) Something that is possibly true.; An answer that shows neither agreement nor disagreement.; A future event that may or may not happen.
mayday: (n) An international distress signal used by shipping and aircraft.
Mayday: (n) Alternative form of mayday
Mayer: (N) A surname, from German.; A census-designated place in Yavapai County, Arizona, United States.; A city in Carver County, Minnesota, United States.; An unincorporated community in Potter County, Texas, United States.; A town in northern Syria.
mayest: (v) second-person singular simple present form of may
mayfly: (n) Any of the many fragile insects of the order Ephemeroptera that develop in fresh water and live very briefly as winged adults.
mayhap: (av) maybe, perhaps, possibly, perchance
mayhem: (n) A state or situation of great confusion, disorder, trouble or destruction; chaos.; Infliction of violent injury on a person or thing.; The maiming of a person by depriving him of the use of any of his limbs which are necessary for defense or protection.; The crime of damaging things or harming people on purpose.
mayo: (n) Clipping of mayonnaise.; A white person.
Mayo: (N) A county of Ireland.; A village in County Mayo, Ireland.; A townland in County Down, Northern Ireland.; A municipality of Papineau Regional County Municipality, Quebec, Canada.; A village in Yukon, Canada.; A town, the county seat of Lafayette County, Florida, United States.; An unincorporated community in Mercer County, Kentucky, United States.; A census-designated place in Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States.; A census-designated place in Spartanburg County, South Carolina, United States.; A surname.(n) A people indigenous to Mexico, living mainly in the northern states of Sonora and Sinaloa.(N) An Uto-Aztecan language spoken by the Mono people of northern Mexico.(N) A town in southwest Ivory Coast.
mayor: (n) The chief executive of the municipal government of a city, borough, &c., formerly (historical) usually appointed as a caretaker by European royal courts but now usually appointed or elected locally.; Short for mayor of the palace, the royal stewards of the Frankish Empire.; Synonym of mair, various former officials in the Kingdom of Scotland.; A member of a city council.; A high justice, an important judge.; A largely ceremonial position in some municipal governments that presides over the city council while a contracted city manager holds actual executive power.; A local VIP, a muckamuck or big shot reckoned to lead some local group.
Mayor: (N) A surname, from Anglo-Norman.
mayors: (n) plural of mayor
mayst: (v) second-person singular simple present form of may
mazard: (n) Head; skull.(n) A kind of small black cherry.
maze: (n) A labyrinth; a puzzle consisting of a complicated network of paths or passages, the aim of which is to find one's way through.; Something made up of many confused or conflicting elements; a tangle.; Confusion of thought; state of bewilderment.(v) To amaze, astonish, bewilder.; To daze or stupefy.
Maze: (N) A surname.; HM Prison Maze, a former prison in Northern Ireland.
mazer: (n) The maple tree, or maple wood.; A large drinking bowl made from such wood; a mazer bowl.
Mazer: (N) A surname.
mazes: (n) plural of maze
mazuma: (n) Cash, money.
mazy: (aj) Mazelike; like a maze.; Not straight; zigzagging.; Confused.
MB: (S) megabyte (1,000 kilobytes or 1,000,000 bytes).; mebibyte (2¹⁰ (1024) kibibytes or 2²⁰ (1,048,576) bytes).(n) moneyboy.; Motherboard.; million baht.; Bachelor of Medicine degree (Latin: Medicinae Baccalaureus).(N) Manitoba, a province of Canada.
Mb: (S) megabit (1000 kilobits or 1,000,000 bits); mebibit (1024 kibibits or 1024² bits)
McCoy: (N) A surname.(n) Synonym of real McCoy
me: (P) As the direct object of a verb.; Myself; as a reflexive direct object of a verb.; As the object of a preposition.; As the indirect object of a verb.; Myself; as a reflexive indirect object of a verb; the ethical dative.; As the complement of the copula (be or is).; As the subject of a verb.; As the subject of a verb.(d) Alternative form of my(n) The solfeggio syllable used to indicate the flat of the third note of a major scale.
ME: (N) Windows ME.
Me: (P) Alternative letter-case form of me often used when speaking as God or another important figure who is understood from context.
mead: (n) An alcoholic drink fermented from honey and water.; A drink composed of syrup of sarsaparilla or other flavouring extract, and water, and sometimes charged with carbon dioxide.(n) A meadow.
Mead: (N) A surname, from Old English.
meadow: (n) A field or pasture; a piece of land covered or cultivated with grass, usually intended to be mown for hay.; Low land covered with coarse grass or rank herbage near rivers and in marshy places by the sea.
Meadow: (N) A town in Texas.; A town in Utah.; A female given name
meads: (n) plural of mead
Meads: (N) plural of Mead
meager: (aj) Having little flesh; lean; thin.; Poor, deficient or inferior in amount, quality or extent; Of a set: such that, considered as a subset of a (usually larger) topological space, it is in a precise sense small or negligible.; Dry and harsh to the touch (e.g., as chalk).(v) To make lean.
meagre: (n) Argyrosomus regius, an edible fish of the family Sciaenidae.(aj) Having little flesh; lean; thin.; Deficient or inferior in amount, quality or extent; Of a set: such that, considered as a subset of a (usually larger) topological space, it is in a precise sense small or negligible.; Dry and harsh to the touch (e.g., as chalk).(v) To make lean.
meal: (n) Food that is prepared and eaten, usually at a specific time, and usually in a comparatively large quantity (as opposed to a snack).; Food served or eaten as a repast.; A break taken by a police officer in order to eat.; A time or an occasion.(n) The coarse-ground edible part of various grains often used to feed animals; flour or a coarser blend than flour.(v) To yield or be plentiful in meal.(n) A speck or spot.; A part; a fragment; a portion.(v) To defile or taint.
mealie: (n) An ear or kernel of maize; in plural as mass noun: maize, corn.
meals: (n) plural of meal
mealy: (aj) Resembling meal (the foodstuff).
Mealy: (N) A surname, from Irish.
mean: (v) To intend.; To intend, to plan (to do); to have as one's intention.; To intend.; To have as intentions of a given kind.; To intend.; To intend (something) for a given purpose or fate; to predestine.; To intend.; To intend an ensuing comment or statement as an explanation.https://www.lexico.com/en/definition/i_mean%20I%20mean; To convey (a meaning).; To convey (a given sense); to signify, or indicate (an object or idea).; To convey (a meaning).; Of a word, symbol etc: to have reference to, to signify.; To convey (a meaning).; Of a person (or animal etc): to intend to express, to imply, to hint at, to allude.; To have conviction in (something said or expressed); to be sincere in (what one says).; To cause or produce (a given result); to bring about (a given result).; To be of some level of importance.(v) To lament.(aj) Common; general.; Of a common or low origin, grade, or quality; common; humble.; Low in quality or degree; inferior; poor; shabby.; Without dignity of mind; destitute of honour; low-minded; spiritless; base.; Of little value or worth; worthy of little or no regard; contemptible; despicable.; Ungenerous; stingy; tight-fisted.; Disobliging; pettily offensive or unaccommodating; Selfish; acting without consideration of others; unkind.; Intending to cause harm, successfully or otherwise; bearing ill will towards another; Powerful; fierce; strong; Accomplished with great skill; deft; hard to compete with.; Difficult, tricky.(aj) Having the mean (see noun below) as its value; average.; Middling; intermediate; moderately good, tolerable.(n) A method or course of action used to achieve some result.; An intermediate step or intermediate steps.; Something which is intermediate or in the middle; an intermediate value or range of values; a medium.; The middle part of three-part polyphonic music; now specifically, the alto part in polyphonic music; an alto instrument.; The average of a set of values, calculated by summing them together and dividing by the number of terms; the arithmetic mean.; Any function of multiple variables that satisfies certain properties and yields a number representative of its arguments; or, the number so yielded; a measure of central tendency.; Either of the two numbers in the middle of a conventionally presented proportion, as 2 and 3 in 1:2=3:6.
meane: (n) The middle voice of a three-voice polyphonic musical composition.
meaner: (aj) comparative form of mean: more mean(n) One who means or intends something.
meanes: (n) plural of meane
meanie: (n) A mean (unkind or miserly) person; a killjoy.; A villain.
meanly: (av) Humbly, of or from low social status; basely.; Poorly or inadequately.; In a mean manner; ill-willed, nastily.
means: (n) plural of mean(n) An instrument or condition for attaining a purpose.(n) Resources; riches.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mean
Means: (N) A surname.; An unincorporated community in Menifee County, Kentucky, United States.
meant: (v) simple past tense and past participle of mean
meany: (n) Alternative spelling of meanie.
Meany: (N) A surname, from Irish.
measly: (aj) Particularly of pigs or pork: infected with larval tapeworms or trichinae (parasitic roundworms).; Of a person: infected with measles.; Small (especially contemptibly small) in amount.
meat: (n) The flesh (muscle tissue) of an animal used as food.; A type of meat, by anatomic position and provenance.; Food, for animals or humans, especially solid food. See also meat and drink.; A type of food, a dish.; A meal.; Meal; flour.; Any relatively thick, solid part of a fruit, nut etc.; A penis.; The best or most substantial part of something.; The sweet spot of a bat or club (in cricket, golf, baseball etc.).; A meathead.; A totem, or (by metonymy) a clan or clansman which uses it.
meath: (n) Obsolete form of mead (“the drink”).
Meath: (N) A county of Ireland; A former kingdom in Ireland; a petty kingdom in central eastern Ireland that existed from the 1st to the 12th century CE
meaths: (n) plural of meath
meats: (n) plural of meat
meatus: (n) A tubular opening or passage leading to the interior of the body.; Ellipsis of acoustic meatus, the passage leading into the ear.
meaty: (aj) Of, relating to, or containing meat.; Resembling meat in flavour, etc.; Of a person or a body part, large and solid.; Substantial.
med: (aj) Clipping of medical.(n) Medications, especially prescribed psychoactive medications.(v) May; might.
Med: (N) Mediterranean
medal: (n) A stamped metal disc used as a personal ornament, a charm, or a religious object.; A stamped or cast metal object (usually a disc), particularly one awarded as a prize or reward.(v) To win a medal.; To award a medal to.
medals: (n) plural of medal(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of medal
meddle: (v) To interfere in or with; to concern oneself with unduly.; To interest or engage oneself; to have to do (with), in a good sense.; To mix (something) with some other substance; to commingle, combine, blend.; To have sex.
Mede: (n) Any of a Western Iranian people who inhabited the ancient region of Media.
Medea: (N) An enchantress (in Greek mythology) who helped Jason obtain the Golden Fleece.
media: (n) The middle layer of the wall of a blood vessel or lymph vessel which is composed of connective and muscular tissue.; A voiced stop consonant.; One of the major veins of the insect wing, between the radius and the cubitus; An ant specialized as a forager in a leaf-cutter ant colony.(n) plural of medium(n) Means and institutions for publishing and broadcasting information.; The totality of content items (television shows, films, books, etc) which are broadcast or published.; The journalists and other professionals who comprise the mass communication industry.; Files and data comprising material viewable by humans, but usually not plain text; audiovisual material.(aj) Clipping of multimedia.
Media: (N) A region in northwestern Iran, originally inhabited by the Medes; The territories corresponding to the empire ruled by dynasts from Media.; A borough, the county seat of Delaware County, Pennsylvania, United States.
medial: (aj) Of or pertaining to a mean or average.; Situated in or near the middle; not at either end.; Pertaining to the inside; closer to the median plane of the body or the midline of an organ.; Situated in or near the middle; not at either end.; Pertaining to the middle layer of a blood vessel, to its tunica media.; Situated in or near the middle; not at either end.; Of or pertaining to the media and/or the areas of the wing next to it.; Situated in or near the middle; not at either end.; (of a speech sound) In the middle of a word.; Situated in or near the middle; not at either end.; (of a consonant) Central: produced when air flows across the center of the mouth over the tongue.; Situated in or near the middle; not at either end.; Closer to the addressee.(n) Any of various things that occur in the middle.; One or more letters that occur in the middle of a word.
median: (n) A central vein or nerve, especially the median vein or median nerve running through the forearm and arm.; A line segment joining the vertex of triangle to the midpoint of the opposing side.; A number separating the higher half from the lower half of a data sample, population, or probability distribution. The median of a finite list of numbers can be found by arranging all the observations from lowest value to highest value and picking the middle one (e.g., the median of {3, 3, 5, 9, 11} is 5). If there is an even number of observations, then there is no single middle value; the median is then usually defined to be the mean of the two middle values.; The area separating two lanes of opposite-direction traffic; the median strip.(aj) Situated in a middle, central, or intermediate part, section, or range of (something).; In the middle of an organ, structure etc.; towards the median plane of an organ or limb.; Having the median as its value.
Median: (aj) Relating to Media or Medes.; Of laws, rules etc.: unchanging, invariable.(n) A Mede.(N) The northwestern Old Iranian language of the Medes, attested only by numerous loanwords in Old Persian, few borrowings in Old Armenian and some glosses in Ancient Greek; nothing is known of its grammar.
medic: (aj) Of or pertaining to medicines; medical.(n) A physician.; A paramedic, someone with special training in first aid, especially in the military.; A medical student.(n) Alternative spelling of medick (“herb of the genus Medicago”)
Medic: (N) The Median language.
Medici: (N) A surname, from Italian.; A powerful and influential aristocratic Florentine family from the 13th to 17th centuries.; A member of this family.
medick: (n) Any of various European and North African herbs, of the genus Medicago, several of which are grown for fodder etc.(aj) Obsolete spelling of medic (“medical”)
medico: (n) A physician or medical doctor; sometimes also a medical student.
medina: (n) The traditional, older or non-European area of a North African town.
Medina: (N) The capital city of the Medina region, Saudi Arabia; a city, holy to Islam, 200 miles north of Mecca along the Hejaz, from which the Hejira was launched; contains Muhammad's tomb.; A suburb of Perth, Western Australia.; A municipality of Minas Gerais, Brazil.; A community in Zorra Township, Ontario, Canada.; A municipality and town in the Cundinamarca department, Colombia.; A municipal district of San Cristóbal province, Dominican Republic.; A river, the River Medina, flowing south to north through the centre of the Isle of Wight, England.; A former borough of the Isle of Wight, England.; A village in Tolna County, Hungary.; A locality in Hurunui district, New Zealand.; A municipality of Misamis Oriental, Philippines.; An unincorporated community in Jefferson County, Kansas, United States.; A city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States.; A village in Orleans County, New York, United States.; A tiny city in Stutsman County, North Dakota, United States.; A city, the county seat of Medina County, Ohio, United States, named for the city in Saudi Arabia.; A small city in Gibson County, Tennessee, United States.; An unincorporated community in Bandera County, Texas, United States.; A census-designated place in Zapata County, Texas, United States.; A river, the Medina River, in south central Texas, United States, which gives its name to Medina County.; A small city in King County, Washington, United States.; An unincorporated community in Jackson County, West Virginia, United States.; A town in Dane County, Wisconsin, United States.; An unincorporated community in the town of Dale, Outagamie County, Wisconsin, United States.; A surname, from Spanish.; A female given name transferred from the surname
medium: (n) The material of the surrounding environment, e.g. solid, liquid, gas, vacuum, or a specific substance such as a solvent.; The materials or empty space through which signals, waves, or forces pass.; A format for communicating or presenting information.; A nutrient substance, commonly a solution or solid, for the growth of cells in vitro.; A substance, structure, or environment in which living organisms subsist, grow or are cultured.; A means, channel, agency or go-between through which communication, commerce, etc is conveyed or carried on, or by which an aim is achieved.; Someone who supposedly conveys information from the spirit world.; A liquid base which carries pigment in paint.; A means of expression, in the arts, such as a material (oil, pastel, clay, etc) or method or style (expressionism, jazz, etc).; The materials used to finish a workpiece using a mass finishing or abrasive blasting process.; Anything having a measurement intermediate between extremes, such as a garment or container.; A person whom garments or apparel of intermediate size fit.; A half-pint serving of Guinness (or other stout in some regions).; A middle place or degree.; An average; sometimes the mathematical mean.; The mean or middle term of a syllogism, that by which the extremes are brought into connection.(aj) Arithmetically average.; Of intermediate size, degree, amount etc.; Of meat, cooked to a point greater than rare but less than well done; typically, so the meat is still red in the centre.(av) To a medium extent.
medius: (n) The middle finger; the third digit, or that which corresponds to it.
mediuses: (n) plural of medius
medlar: (n) Mespilus germanica, common medlar (now often Crataegus germanica); Any tree of the genus Mespilus, now often Crataegus sect. Mespilus, including many species now in other genera.; Any of several similar trees that bear similar fruit; Stern's medlar (Crataegus × canescens: family Rosaceae); Any of several similar trees that bear similar fruit; Mediterranean medlar or azarole (Crataegus azarolus: family Rosaceae); Any of several similar trees that bear similar fruit; Japanese medlar or loquat (Eriobotrya japonica: family Rosaceae); Any of several similar trees that bear similar fruit; Spanish medlar or bulletwood (Mimusops elengi: family Sapotaceae); Any of several similar trees that bear similar fruit; African medlar (Vangueria infausta: family Rubiaceae); Any of several similar trees that bear similar fruit; Wolfberry, goji, red medlar (Lycium spp.),; The fruit of such trees, similar to small apples; especially that of Crataegus sect. Mespilus, not eaten until it has begun to decay, or more specifically, to blet.; A woman or a woman's genitalia (as the fruit's appearance mimics an "open-arse")
medley: (n) Combat, fighting; a battle.; A collection or mixture of miscellaneous things.; A collection of related songs played or mixed together as a single piece.; A competitive swimming event that combines the four strokes of butterfly, backstroke, breaststroke, and freestyle.; A cloth of mixed colours.(v) To combine, to form a medley.
Medley: (N) A surname.
medusa: (n) A jellyfish; specifically (zoology), a non-polyp form of individual cnidarians, consisting of a gelatinous umbrella-shaped bell and trailing tentacles.
Medusa: (N) The only mortal of the three gorgon sisters. She is killed by Perseus. The other two sisters were Euryale and Stheno.
meed: (n) A payment or recompense made for services rendered or in recognition of some achievement; reward, deserts; award.; A gift; bribe.; Merit or desert; worth.(v) To reward; bribe.; To deserve; merit.
meek: (aj) Humble, non-boastful, modest, meager, or self-effacing.; Submissive, dispirited.(v) (of horses) To tame; to break.
Meek: (N) A surname.
meekly: (av) In a meek manner; quietly and humbly.
meer: (n) A boundary.; Obsolete form of mere (a lake).(aj) Obsolete form of mere.(n) Obsolete form of mayor.; Obsolete form of mair.
meered: (v) plural of meer
meering: (v) plural of meer
meet: (v) To make contact (with) while in proximity.; To come face to face with by accident; to encounter.; To make contact (with) while in proximity.; To come face to face with someone by arrangement.; To make contact (with) while in proximity.; To get acquainted with someone.; To come together.; To gather for a formal or social discussion; to hold a meeting.; To come together.; To come together in conflict.; To come together.; To play a match.; To make physical or perceptual contact.; To converge and finally touch or intersect.; To make physical or perceptual contact.; To touch or hit something while moving.; To make physical or perceptual contact.; To adjoin, be physically touching.; To make physical or perceptual contact.; To respond to (an argument etc.) with something equally convincing; to refute.; To satisfy; to comply with.; To balance or come out correct.; To perceive; to come to a knowledge of; to have personal acquaintance with; to experience; to suffer.; To be mixed with, to be combined with aspects of.(n) A sports competition, especially for track and field or swimming.; A gathering of riders, horses and hounds for foxhunting; a field meet for hunting.; A meeting of two trains in opposite directions on a single track, when one is put into a siding to let the other cross.; A meeting.; The greatest lower bound, an operation between pairs of elements in a lattice, denoted by the symbol ∧.(aj) Suitable; right; proper.
meetly: (av) fitly; suitably; properly
meets: (n) plural of meet(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of meet(p) Forming a combination or nexus of.
megass: (n) bagasse
megasses: (n) plural of megass
megilp: (n) A mixture of linseed oil with turpentine or mastic varnish, used as a thickener for oil paints but later discredited as a source of cracking and yellowing.
megohm: (n) Alternative spelling of megaohm
megrim: (n) A headache; a migraine.; A fancy, a whim, a caprice.; See megrims (“depression; any of various diseases of animals”).(n) A type of flatfish of the genus Lepidorhombus native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean; specifically, the Cornish sole, sail-fluke, or whiff (Lepidorhombus whiffiagonis).
Mein: (N) A surname.
Meined: (v) plural Mein
Meining: (v) plural Mein
Meins: (v) plural Mein
meiny: (n) Alternative form of meinie
Mekong: (N) A river in southeastern Asia that flows about 4,183 km (2,600 miles) from Tibet to the South China Sea in Vietnam.
mel: (n) A unit of pitch on a scale of pitches perceived by listeners to be equally spaced from one another.(n) Honey, when used as an ingredient in cosmetic products.
Mel: (N) Short form of female given names such as Melanie, Melinda, Melissa, Melina, Melody and Carmel.; Short form of the male given names Melvin and Melvyn.
melba: (n) A dessert made originally from peach (now also other fruits), ice cream, and raspberry.
Melba: (N) A female given name from English.; A city in Idaho.; A suburb of Canberra, Australia.
meld: (v) to combine multiple similar objects into one.(v) In card games, especially of the rummy family, to announce or display a combination of cards.(n) A combination of cards which is melded.
melee: (n) A battle fought at close range; hand-to-hand combat; brawling.; A loud, confused or tumultuous fight, argument or scrap.; Any confused, disorganised, disordered or chaotic situation.; Lively contention or debate, skirmish.; A cavalry exercise in which two groups of riders try to cut paper plumes off the helmets of their opponents, the contest continuing until no member of one group retains his plume.; Small cut and polished gemstones sold in lots.(v) To physically hit in close quarters, as opposed to shooting, blowing up, or other ranged means of damage. Often refers to the usage of a hand-to-hand weapon.
melic: (aj) Of or pertaining to Greek lyric verse.(n) Any of various grasses, of the genus Melica, from north temperate regions.
mellow: (aj) Soft or tender by reason of ripeness; having a tender pulp.; Matured and smooth, and not acidic, harsh, or sharp.; Soft and easily penetrated or worked; not hard or rigid; loamy.; Mature; of crops: ready to be harvested; ripe.; Fruitful and warm.; Not coarse, brash, harsh, or rough; delicate, rich, soft, subdued.; Senses relating to a person or their qualities.; Pleasing in some way; excellent, fantastic, great.(n) The property of being mellow; mellowness.; A comfortable or relaxed mood.; Also main mellow: a close friend or lover.(v) To cause (fruit) to become soft or tender, specifically by ripening.; To cause (food or drink, for example, cheese or wine, or its flavour) to become matured and smooth, and not acidic, harsh, or sharp.; To soften (land or soil) and make it suitable for planting in.; To mature and lose its harshness or sharpness.; To be rendered soft and suitable for planting in.
Mellow: (N) A surname.
melody: (n) tune; sequence of notes that makes up a musical phrase
Melody: (N) A female given name from English.
meloid: (n) Any beetle of the taxonomic family Meloidae; a blister beetle.
melon: (n) Any of various plants of the family Cucurbitaceae grown for food, generally not including the cucumber.; Genus Cucumis, various musk melons, including the honeydew and the cantaloupes, and the horned melon.; Any of various plants of the family Cucurbitaceae grown for food, generally not including the cucumber.; Genus Citrullus, the watermelon and others; Any of various plants of the family Cucurbitaceae grown for food, generally not including the cucumber.; Genus Benincasa, a winter melon; Any of various plants of the family Cucurbitaceae grown for food, generally not including the cucumber.; Genus Momordica, the bitter melon; The fruit of such plants.; A light pinkish orange colour, like that of some melon flesh.; Breasts.; The head.; A member of the Green Party, or similar environmental group.; A mass of adipose tissue found in the forehead of all toothed whales, used to focus and modulate vocalizations.(aj) Of a light pinkish orange colour, like that of melon flesh.(n) The result of heptazine being polymerized with the tri-s-triazine units linked through an amine (NH) link.
melons: (n) plural of melon(n) Breasts.
Melos: (N) Alternative spelling of Milos
melt: (n) Molten material, the product of melting.; The transition of matter from a solid state to a liquid state.; The springtime snow runoff in mountain regions.; A melt sandwich.; Rock showing evidence of having been remelted after it originally solidified.; A wax-based substance for use in an oil burner as an alternative to mixing oils and water.; An idiot.(v) To change (or to be changed) from a solid state to a liquid state, usually by a gradual heat.; To dissolve, disperse, vanish.; To soften, as by a warming or kindly influence; to relax; to render gentle or susceptible to mild influences; sometimes, in a bad sense, to take away the firmness of; to weaken.; To be discouraged.; To be emotionally softened or touched.; To be very hot and sweat profusely.
melted: (v) simple past tense and past participle of melt(aj) Being in a liquid state as a result of melting.
melton: (n) A tough, short-napped material used for making overcoats.
Melton: (N) The Borough of Melton, a local government district in Leicestershire, England, formed in 1974, with its headquarters in Melton Mowbray.; A village in East Suffolk district, Suffolk, England (OS grid ref TM2850); A habitational surname, from Old English.
melts: (n) plural of melt(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of melt
mem: (n) The thirteenth letter of many Semitic alphabets/abjads (Phoenician, Aramaic, Hebrew, Syriac, Arabic and others).(n) A memory access as part of processing.
member: (n) One who officially belongs to a group.; A part of a whole.; Part of an animal capable of performing a distinct office; an organ; a limb.; The penis.; One of the propositions making up a syllogism.; An element of a set.; the judge or adjudicator in a consumer court.; A part of a discourse or of a period, sentence, or verse; a clause.; Either of the two parts of an algebraic equation, connected by the equality sign.; A file stored within an archive file.; A function or piece of data associated with each separate instance of a class.; friend(v) To remember.; To cause to remember; to mention.
Memnon: (N) An Ethiopian king and son of Tithonus and Eos. Considered a great warrior, he fought on the side of Troy and was killed by Achilles.
memo: (n) A short note; a memorandum.; A record of partial results that can be reused later without recomputation.(v) To record something; to make a note of something.; To send someone a note about something, for the record.
memoir: (n) An autobiography; a book describing the personal experiences of an author.; A biography; a book describing the experiences of a subject from personal knowledge of the subject or from sources with personal knowledge of the subject.; Any form of narrative describing the personal experiences of a writer.
memory: (n) The ability of the brain to record information or impressions with the facility of recalling them later at will.; A record of a thing or an event stored and available for later use by the organism.; The part of a computer that stores variable executable code or data (RAM) or unalterable executable code or default data (ROM).; The time within which past events can be or are remembered.; Which returns to its original shape when heated; A memorial.; A term of venery for a social group of elephants, normally called a herd.
men: (n) plural of man(n) (The) people, humanity.; enlisted personnel (as opposed to commissioned officers).
Men: (N) A god once worshipped in the western interior parts of Anatolia, and associated with lunar symbolism.
menace: (n) A perceived threat or danger.; The act of threatening.; An annoying and bothersome person or thing.(v) To make threats against (someone); to intimidate.; To threaten (an evil to be inflicted).; To endanger (someone or something); to imperil or jeopardize.
menage: (n) Alternative form of ménage
menaged: (v) plural of menage
menaging: (v) plural of menage
mend: (n) A place, as in clothing, which has been repaired by mending.; The act of repairing or recovering.(v) To repair (something that is torn, broken, defaced, decayed, or otherwise damaged); To put in a better state; to set right; to reform;; To quicken; To help, to advance, to further; to add to.; To grow better; to advance to a better state; to become improved.
mended: (v) simple past tense and past participle of mend
Mendel: (N) A surname.
mender: (n) A person who mends.
mends: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mend(n) plural of mend; Obsolete form of amends.
mene: (n) The high middle singing voice (especially as for a boy) or part in musical composition, corresponding roughly to the alto.
mened: (v) plural of mene
menes: (n) plural of mene
menhir: (n) A single tall standing stone as a monument, especially one dating to prehistoric times.
menial: (aj) Of or relating to work normally performed by a servant.; Of or relating to unskilled work.; Servile; low; mean.(n) A servant, especially a domestic servant.; A person who has a subservient nature.
mening: (v) plural of mene
mensa: (n) In planetary geology, a large mesa-like area of raised land.; The upper surface of an altar.
Mensa: (N) Mensa International, an organization for people with very high IQs.(N) A summer constellation of the southern sky, originally named after Table Mountain in South Africa. It lies between the constellations of Hydrus and Volans.
mensal: (aj) Occurring once in a month; monthly.(aj) Belonging to the table; transacted at table.
mensch: (n) A person (chiefly male) of strength, integrity, and honor or compassion.; A gentleman.
menses: (n) The discharge of blood mixed with pieces of cellular tissue from the uterus out through the vagina, which occurs roughly every month in uninseminated women; menstrual flow.
ment: (v) simple past tense and past participle of meng; Obsolete spelling of meant
mental: (aj) Of or relating to the mind or specifically the total emotional and intellectual response of an individual to external reality.; Of or relating to intellectual as contrasted with emotional activity.; Of or relating to the mind or specifically the total emotional and intellectual response of an individual to external reality.; Of, relating to, or being intellectual as contrasted with overt physical activity.; Of or relating to the mind or specifically the total emotional and intellectual response of an individual to external reality.; Occurring or experienced in the mind.; Of or relating to the mind or specifically the total emotional and intellectual response of an individual to external reality.; Relating to the mind, its activity, or its products as an object of study.; Of or relating to the mind or specifically the total emotional and intellectual response of an individual to external reality.; Relating to spirit or idea as opposed to matter.; Of, relating to, or affected by a psychiatric disorder.; Intended for the care or treatment of persons affected by psychiatric disorders.; Of, relating to, or affected by a psychiatric disorder.; Mentally disordered; insane, mad, crazy.; Enjoyable or fun, especially in a frenetic way.; Of or relating to telepathic or mind-reading powers.(aj) Of or relating to the chin or median part of the lower jaw, genial.; Of or relating to the chinlike or liplike structure.(n) A plate or scale covering the mentum or chin of a fish or reptile.
mentor: (n) A wise and trusted counselor or teacher(v) To act as someone's mentor
Mentor: (N) Odysseus's trusted counselor. He was assigned the responsibility of raising Odysseus's son Telemachus while Odysseus was away fighting in Troy.; A male given name from Ancient Greek
menu: (n) The details of the food to be served at a banquet; a bill of fare.; A list of dishes offered in a restaurant.; A list from which the user may select an operation to be performed, often done with a keyboard, mouse, or controller under a graphical user interface; A list or agenda.
menus: (n) plural of menu
meow: (i) The cry of a cat.; Said in reply to a spiteful or catty comment.; Said to denote seductiveness, mimicking a growl.(n) The cry of a cat.; The drug mephedrone.(v) Of a cat, to make its cry.
mercer: (n) A merchant dealing in fabrics and textiles, especially silks and other fine cloths.
Mercer: (N) A surname.; A village in New Zealand.; A town in Maine.; A city and town in Missouri.; A city and village in North Dakota.; A borough, the county seat of Mercer County, Pennsylvania. Named after Hugh Mercer.; A town in Iron County, Wisconsin.
Mercia: (N) One of the Anglo-Saxon kingdoms of England.
mercy: (n) Relenting; forbearance to cause or allow harm to another.; Forgiveness or compassion, especially toward those less fortunate.; A tendency toward forgiveness, pity, or compassion.; Instances of forbearance or forgiveness.; A blessing; something to be thankful for.; A children's game in which two players stand opposite with hands grasped and twist each other's arms until one gives in.(v) To feel mercy; To show mercy; to pardon or treat leniently because of mercy(i) Expressing surprise or alarm.
Mercy: (N) A female given name from English.(N) A surname, from French.
mere: (n) A body of standing water, such as a lake or a pond. More specifically, it can refer to a lake that is broad in relation to its depth. Also included in place names such as Windermere.(n) Boundary, limit; a boundary-marker; boundary-line.(v) To limit; bound; divide or cause division in.; To set divisions and bounds.; To decide upon the position of a boundary; to position it on a map.(aj) Famous.(aj) Pure, unalloyed .; Nothing less than; complete, downright .; Just, only; no more than, pure and simple, neither more nor better than might be expected.(n) Alternative form of mayor and mair.(n) A Maori war-club.
Mere: (N) A village and civil parish in northern Cheshire East, Cheshire, England (OS grid ref SJ7381).; A small town and civil parish with a town council in south-west Wiltshire, England (OS grid ref ST8132).; A sub-municipality in East Flanders, Belgium.
merely: (av) Without any other reason etc.; only, just, and nothing more.; Wholly, entirely.
meres: (n) plural of mere
merest: (aj) superlative form of mere: most mere
merge: (v) To combine into a whole.; To combine into a whole.; To blend gradually into something else.(n) The joining together of multiple sources.
merged: (v) simple past tense and past participle of merge(aj) joined by merging
merger: (n) One that merges.(n) The act or process of merging two or more parts into a single unit.; The legal union of two or more corporations into a single entity, typically assets and liabilities being assumed by the buying party.; An absorption of one or more estate(s) or contract(s) into one other, all being held by the same owner; of several counts of accusation into one judgement, etc.; A type of sound change where two or more sounds merge into one.
merges: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of merge(n) plural of merge
Meri: (N) A language of Cameroon.(N) A diminutive of the female given name Merida.
merino: (n) A sheep of a Spanish breed with long, fine hair.; The wool of this sheep.; The fabric made from this wool (or from any similar yarn).; A dress made out of merino fabric.; A yarn made from a combination of wool and cotton in imitation of this wool.
Merino: (n) Alternative letter-case form of merino.(N) A surname, from Spanish.
merit: (n) A claim to commendation or a reward.; A mark or token of approbation or to recognize excellence.; Something deserving or worthy of positive recognition or reward.; The sum of all the good deeds that a person does which determines the quality of the person's next state of existence and contributes to the person's growth towards enlightenment.; Usually in the plural form the merits: the substantive rightness or wrongness of a legal argument, a lawsuit, etc., as opposed to technical matters such as the admissibility of evidence or points of legal procedure; (by extension) the overall good or bad quality, or rightness or wrongness, of some other thing.; The quality or state of deserving retribution, whether reward or punishment.(v) To deserve, to earn.; To be deserving or worthy.; To reward.
merits: (n) plural of merit; Intrinsic advantages, as opposed to political or procedural advantages.; Substance, distinguished from form or procedure.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of merit
merle: (n) The Eurasian blackbird, Turdus merula.; Any blackbird.(n) A type of mottled colouration on dogs.
Merle: (N) A surname, from French of French origin.; A male given name transferred from the surname.(N) A female given name from English.
merlin: (n) A small falcon, Falco columbarius, that breeds in northern North America, Europe, and Asia.(n) A cytoskeletal protein active in the suppression of tumors.
Merlin: (N) A wizard in the Arthurian legend.; A census-designated place in Josephine County, Oregon, United States.
merlon: (n) Any of the upright projections between the embrasures of a battlement, originally for archers to shield behind while shooting arrows over the embrasures, or through loopholes in the merlons.(n) Alternative spelling of merlin (“a small falcon, Falco columbarius”)
merman: (n) A legendary creature, human male from the waist up, fishlike from the waist down.
merry: (aj) Jolly and full of high spirits; happy.; Festive and full of fun and laughter.; Brisk; Causing laughter, mirth, gladness, or delight.; drunk; tipsy(n) An English wild cherry.
Merry: (N) A surname, from nicknames. Originally a nickname for a merry person.; A female given name from English from the adjective, also a diminutive of Mercy.; A diminutive of the male given name Meredith.
Mersey: (N) A river in England that flows for about 113 km (70 mi) to the Irish Sea at Liverpool.
Merton: (N) Any of several placenames in England from words meaning lake and settlement.; A district in Merton borough, in south-west Greater London (OS grid ref TQ2670).; A London borough of Greater London.; A village and civil parish in Cherwell district, Oxfordshire, England (OS grid ref SP5717).; An English habitational surname, from Old English from the placenames.; Ellipsis of Merton College, Oxford.
mes: (n) plural of me
MEs: (n) plural of ME
mesa: (n) Flat area of land or plateau higher than other land, with one or more clifflike edges.
Mesa: (N) A city in Maricopa County, Arizona.; A census-designated place in Inyo County, California.; An unincorporated community in Colorado.; A city in Washington.; A town in Mozambique.
mesas: (n) plural of mesa
mescal: (n) A Mexican alcoholic drink distilled from the fermented juice of the agave.; The peyote cactus.
Mescal: (N) A surname, from Irish.; A female given name.; A census-designated place in Cochise County, Arizona, United States.
mesh: (n) A structure made of connected strands of metal, fiber, or other flexible/ductile material, with evenly spaced openings between them.; The opening or space enclosed by the threads of a net between knot and knot, or the threads enclosing such a space.; The engagement of the teeth of wheels, or of a wheel and rack.; A measure of fineness (particle size) of ground material. A powder that passes through a sieve having 300 openings per linear inch but does not pass 400 openings per linear inch is said to be -300 +400 mesh.; A polygon mesh.(v) To connect together by interlocking, as gears do.; To fit in; to come together harmoniously.; To catch in a mesh.
meshed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of mesh(aj) Having a mesh.; mashed; brewed
Meshed: (N) Alternative form of Mashhad
meshes: (n) plural of mesh(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mesh
mesial: (aj) Pertaining to the midline of the body.; Facing the side of a tooth which faces the middle of the jaw.
mesic: (aj) Moist.; Adapted to a moist habitat.(aj) Of or pertaining to mesons; mesonic.
mesically: (adv) plural of mesic
mesne: (aj) Intermediate.(n) A mesne lord.
meson: (n) The mesial plane dividing the body into similar right and left halves.(n) A member of a group of subatomic particles having a mass intermediate between electrons and protons. (The most easily detected mesons fit this definition.); An elementary particle that is composed of a quark and an antiquark, such as a kaon or pion. (Mesons composed of rarer quarks are much heavier.)
mess: (n) A disagreeable mixture or confusion of things; hence, a situation resulting from blundering or from misunderstanding.; A large quantity or number.; Excrement.; A person in a state of (especially emotional) turmoil or disarray; an emotional wreck.(v) To make untidy or dirty.; To make soiled by defecating.; To make untidy or dirty.; To make soiled by ejaculating.; To throw into disorder or to ruin.; To interfere.; To screw around with, to bother, to be annoying to.(n) Mass; a church service.; A quantity of food set on a table at one time; provision of food for a person or party for one meal; also, the food given to an animal at one time.; A number of persons who eat together, and for whom food is prepared in common, especially military personnel who eat at the same table.; A building or room in which mess is eaten.; A set of four (from the old practice of dividing companies into sets of four at dinner).; The milk given by a cow at one milking.; A group of iguanas.(v) To take meals with a mess.; To belong to a mess.; To eat (with others).; To supply with a mess.
Mess: (N) A surname, from German.
messes: (n) plural of mess(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mess
Messes: (N) plural of Mess
messy: (aj) In a disorderly state; chaotic; disorderly.; Prone to causing mess.; Difficult or unpleasant to deal with.
mestee: (n) Synonym of mustee.
Mestee: (n) A mixed race person, especially if mostly white in ancestry, appearance and culture.; A member of an old mixed race group, particularly those groups which identify more with their white ancestry than with their black or Native American ancestry, like the Melungeons and a person referred to as a brass ankle.; A person who is mostly white and less than one eighth black.; In the West Indies, a person who is one eighth black (an octoroon).(aj) Of mixed race people, especially if mostly white in ancestry, appearance and culture.; Of an old mixed race group, particularly those groups which identify more with their white ancestry than with their black or Native American ancestry.
met: (v) simple past tense and past participle of meet(v) simple past tense and past participle of mete (to measure)(v) To dream; to occur (to one) in a dream.
Met: (N) The London Underground Metropolitan Line; The Metropolitan Railway; The Metropolitan Police Service of London (MPS); The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City.; The current or historical Metropolitan Opera House or its opera company.(n) A Metropolitan Line train; A player for the New York Mets
MET: (n) Short for methylethyltryptamine, a hallucinogenic tryptamine.; Short for methionine, an essential nonpolar amino acid.; The gene symbol for C-Met, a proto-oncogene in human biology.
meta: (aj) Self-referential; structured analogously (structured by relationships), but at a higher level.(n) Boundary marker.; Either of the conical columns at each end of an Ancient Roman circus.(n) Metagame; the most effective tactics and strategies used in a competitive video game in a given period of time.; An informal but widely-adopted practice in a given field; a de facto standard.(aj) Prominent in the metagame; effective and frequently used in competitive gameplay.(n) Metoidioplasty.
Meta: (N) Meta Platforms, Inc., doing business as Meta, formerly called Facebook, Inc. (until late 2021); it is an American multinational technology conglomerate holding company that is the parent organization of Facebook, Instagram, and WhatsApp, among other subsidiaries.; Meta, a biomedical research discovery tool (2010-2022; scheduled for shutdown in 2022).(N) A city in Missouri.
META: (n) An HTML element for webpage metadata, coded as meta or META.
metage: (n) Measurement, especially of coal.; A fee paid for a measurement.
metal: (n) Chemical elements or alloys, and the mines where their ores come from.; Any of a number of chemical elements in the periodic table that form a metallic bond with other metal atoms; generally shiny, somewhat malleable and hard, often a conductor of heat and electricity.; Chemical elements or alloys, and the mines where their ores come from.; Any material with similar physical properties, such as an alloy.; Chemical elements or alloys, and the mines where their ores come from.; An element which was not directly created after the Big Bang but instead formed through nuclear reactions; any element other than hydrogen and helium.; Chemical elements or alloys, and the mines where their ores come from.; Crushed rock, stones etc. used to make a road.; Chemical elements or alloys, and the mines where their ores come from.; The ore from which a metal is derived.; Chemical elements or alloys, and the mines where their ores come from.; A mine from which ores are taken.; A light tincture used in a coat of arms, specifically argent (white or silver) and or (gold).; Molten glass that is to be blown or moulded to form objects.; A category of rock music encompassing a number of genres (including thrash metal, death metal, heavy metal, etc.) characterized by strong drum-beats and distorted guitars.; The substance that constitutes something or someone; matter; hence, character or temper.; The effective power or calibre of guns carried by a vessel of war.; The rails of a railway.; The actual airline operating a flight, rather than any of the codeshare operators.(aj) Characterized by strong drum-beats and distorted guitars.; Having the emotional or social characteristics associated with metal music; brash, bold, frank, unyielding, etc.(v) To make a road using crushed rock, stones etc.
metals: (n) plural of metal(n) the rail tracks owned by a company or organisation; a rail network(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of metal
mete: (v) To measure.; To dispense, measure (out), allot (especially punishment, reward etc.).(n) A boundary or other limit; a boundary-marker; mere.(aj) Obsolete spelling of meet (“suitable, fitting”)
meted: (v) simple past tense and past participle of mete
meteor: (n) An atmospheric or meteorological phenomenon. These were sometimes classified as aerial or airy meteors (winds), aqueous or watery meteors (hydrometeors: clouds, rain, snow, hail, dew, frost), luminous meteors (rainbows and aurora), and igneous or fiery meteors (lightning and shooting stars).; A fast-moving streak of light in the night sky caused by the entry of extraterrestrial matter into the earth's atmosphere; a shooting star or falling star.; A prop similar to poi balls, in that it is twirled at the end of a cord or cable.; A striking weapon resembling a track and field hammer consisting of a weight swung at the end of a cable or chain.; Any short-lived source of wonderment.(v) To move at great speed.
meter: (n) A device that measures things.; A parking meter or similar device for collecting payment.; A device that measures things.; One who metes or measures.; The base unit of length in the International System of Units (SI), conceived as 1/10,000,000 of the distance from the North Pole to the Equator, and now defined as the distance light will travel in a vacuum in 1/299,792,458 seconds.; The overall rhythm of a song or poem; particularly, the number of beats in a measure or syllables in a line.; A poem.; A line above or below a hanging net, to which the net is attached in order to strengthen it.(v) To measure with a metering device.; To imprint a postage mark with a postage meter.; To regulate the flow of or to deliver in regulated amounts (usually of fluids but sometimes of other things such as anticipation or breath).
meters: (n) plural of meter(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of meter
method: (n) A process by which a task is completed; a way of doing something (followed by the adposition of, to or for before the purpose of the process).; A technique for acting based on the ideas articulated by Konstantin Stanislavski and focusing on authentically experiencing the inner life of the character being portrayed.; A subroutine or function belonging to a class or object.; Marijuana.; An instruction book systematically arranged.(v) to apply a method; to apply particular treatment methods to a mold(n) Ellipsis of method air.
methyl: (n) The univalent hydrocarbon radical, CH₃-, formally derived from methane by the loss of a hydrogen atom; a compound or part of a compound formed by the attachment of such a radical.
metic: (n) In Ancient Greek city-states, a resident alien who did not have the rights of a citizen and who paid a tax for the right to live there.
metopae: (n) plural of metope
metope: (n) The architectural element between two triglyphs in a Doric frieze.
metre: (n) The basic unit of length in the International System of Units (SI: Système International d'Unités), equal to the distance travelled by light in a vacuum in 1/299 792 458 seconds. The metre is equal to 39+⁴⁷⁄₁₂₇ (approximately 39.37) imperial inches.(v) Alternative spelling of meter(n) The rhythm or measure in verse and musical composition.(v) To put into metrical form.
metres: (n) plural of metre(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of metre
metric: (aj) Of or relating to the metric system of measurement.; Of or relating to the meter of a piece of music.; Of or relating to distance.(n) A measure for something; a means of deriving a quantitative measurement or approximation for otherwise qualitative phenomena (especially used in engineering).; A function for the measurement of the "distance" between two points in some metric space: it is a real-valued function d(x,y) between points x and y satisfying the following properties: (1) "non-negativity": d(x,y)>0, (2) "identity of indiscernibles": d(x,y)=0 mbox iffx=y, (3) "symmetry": d(x,y)=d(y,x), and (4) "triangle inequality": d(x,y)<d(x,z)+d(z,y).; A metric tensor.(v) To measure or analyse statistical data concerning the quality or effectiveness of a process.
metro: (n) A rapid transit rail transport system, or a train in such systems, generally underground and serving a metropolitan area.; An urban rapid transit rail transport system, normally with lighter track and light trains (i.e. an S-Bahn or similar), or a train in such systems.(n) A metropolitan area.(aj) metropolitan
metros: (n) plural of metro
mettle: (n) A quality of endurance and courage.; Good temperament and character.; Metal; a metallic substance.
Metz: (N) The capital city of the Moselle department, Grand Est, France.; A surname.
meu: (n) Meum athamanticum, a European herb.(n) The second minister of the Kingdom of Dahomey.
Meu: (n) Alternative letter-case form of meu (“second minister of Kingdom of Dahomey”)
meus: (n) plural of meu
Meuse: (N) A river in Europe that flows about 901 km (560 mi) from France through Belgium (Wallonia region) to the North Sea at the Netherlands.; A department in Grand Est, France. Capital: Bar-le-Duc (INSEE code 55).
Meused: (v) plural Meuse
Meuses: (v) plural Meuse
Meusing: (v) plural Meuse
mew: (n) A gull, seagull.(n) A prison, or other place of confinement.; A hiding place; a secret store or den.; A breeding-cage for birds.; A cage for hawks, especially while moulting.; A building or set of buildings where moulting birds are kept.(v) To shut away, confine, lock up.; To moult.; To cause to moult.; To shed antlers.(n) The crying sound of a cat; a meow, especially of a kitten.; The crying sound of a gull or buzzard.; An exclamation of disapproval; a boo.(v) To meow.; To make its cry.(i) A cat's (especially a kitten's) cry.; A gull's or buzzard's cry.; An exclamation of disapproval; boo.(v) To flatten the tongue against the roof of the mouth for supposed health benefits.
Mew: (N) A surname.
mewed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of mew
mewing: (v) present participle of mew(n) The act of producing a mew sound.; The act of one who mews (in any sense).
mewl: (v) To cry weakly with a soft, high-pitched sound; to whimper; to whine.(n) A soft cry or whimper; an act of mewling.
mews: (n) An alley where there are stables; a narrow passage; a confined place.; A place where birds of prey are housed.(n) plural of mew(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mew
mewsed: (v) plural of mews
mewsing: (v) plural of mews
Mexico: (N) A country in North America, located south of the United States, and northwest of Guatemala and Belize from Central America. Official name: United Mexican States.; Mexico City, the capital city of Mexico.; A state of Mexico. Capital: Toluca.; A municipality of the province of Pampanga, Central Luzon, Philippines.; A census-designated place in Jefferson Township, Miami County, Indiana, United States.; An unincorporated community in Crittenden County, Kentucky, United States.; A town in Oxford County, Maine, United States.; An unincorporated community in Allegany County, Maryland, United States.; An unincorporated community in Carroll County, Maryland, United States.; A city, the county seat of Audrain County, Missouri, United States.; A town and village in Oswego County, New York, United States.; An unincorporated community in Tymochtee Township, Wyandot County, Maryland, United States.; An unincorporated community and census-designated place in Walker Township, Juniata County, Pennsylvania, United States.; An unincorporated community in Montour County, Pennsylvania, United States.; A former unincorporated community in Hunt County, Texas, United States, now submerged under Lake Tawakoni.
mezzo: (n) mezzo-soprano
mho: (n) A former unit of electric conductance, equivalent to and superseded by the siemens.
mi: (n) A syllable used in sol-fa (solfège) to represent the third note of a major scale.(n) Alternative form of mi. .
Miami: (N) Alternative form of Mayaimi; an extinct indigenous people of Florida.; Alternative form of Mayaimi; an extinct language spoken by those people.; A placename; A city, the county seat of Miami-Dade County, Florida.; A placename; A small city, the county seat of Roberts County, Texas.; A placename; Ellipsis of Lake Miami; Former name of Lake Okeechobee.; A lake in Florida, the source of the Miami River; A placename; Ellipsis of Miami River; A river in Miami-Dade County, Florida, a river flowing past the city of Miami, Dade.(n) A member of an indigenous North American people of Algonquian stock.; Miami University.
miaow: (n) Britain spelling of meow(v) Britain spelling of meow
miasma: (n) A noxious atmosphere or emanation once thought to originate from swamps and waste, and to cause disease.; A noxious atmosphere or influence, an ominous environment.
mica: (n) Any of a group of hydrous aluminosilicate minerals characterized by highly perfect cleavage, so that they readily separate into very thin leaves, more or less elastic.
Micah: (N) A book of the Old Testament of Bible, and of the Tanakh.; Any of several men in the Old Testament:; The minor prophet and author of the Book of Micah.; Any of several men in the Old Testament:; An Ephraimite featured in Judges 17–18 and protagonist of the Micah’s idol narrative. Also called Michas.; A male given name from Hebrew of Biblical origin. Used since the 17th century.; A female given name from Hebrew, of modern American usage.
mice: (n) plural of mouse
mick: (n) an Irishman; A Catholic, particularly of Irish descent.(aj) Easy.
Mick: (N) A diminutive of the male given name Michael.(n) An Irishman.
mickey: (n) A small bottle of liquor, holding 375 ml or 13 oz., typically shaped to fit in one's pocket.; A Mickey Finn; a beverage, usually alcoholic, that has been drugged.; A potato.; The penis.; The vagina.; A well-known honeyeater, the Noisy Miner, Manorina melanocephala, of eastern Australia.; A young bull, especially one that is unbranded and running wild.; piss, shortened and more commonly used form of Mickey Bliss.; The resolution of a mouse: the smallest measurable distance it can move the cursor, used as a unit of length.(v) To secretly slip drugs into somebody's drink.
Mickey: (n) A Mickey Finn; a beverage, usually alcoholic, that has been drugged.; A 375-milliliter (13.2 imperial fluid ounce; 12.7 US fl oz) bottle of liquor, such as whiskey.; A Catholic.(N) A diminutive of the male given names Michael, Mike or Mick.; A diminutive of the female given name Michaela.
mickle: (aj) (Very) great or large.(av) To a great extent.; Frequently, often.(n) A great amount.; A small amount.; Great or important people as a class.; Greatness, largeness, stature.(d) Much; a great quantity or amount of.; Most; the majority of.(P) A great extent or large amount.
Mickle: (N) A surname.
mickler: (adj) plural of mickle
micklest: (adj) plural of mickle
Micmac: (n) Alternative form of Mi'kmaq
micra: (n) plural of micron
micron: (n) The thousandth part of one millimeter; the millionth part of a meter.; A very tiny amount.(n) Synonym of breve
mid: (aj) Denoting the middle part.; Occupying a middle position; middle.; Made with a somewhat elevated position of some certain part of the tongue, in relation to the palate; midway between the high and the low; said of certain vowel sounds, such as, /e o ɛ ɔ/.; Of marijuana, midgrade.; Of mediocre quality.(p) Amid.(n) middle(n) A mid-range.(p) With.
Midas: (N) A king who sought and was for a while granted the cherished but subtly dangerous magical power to turn anything he touched into gold.(n) A very large champagne bottle (named after the King) with the capacity of about 30 liters, equivalent to 40 standard bottles.
midday: (n) noon; twelve o'clock during the day
midden: (n) A dungheap.; A refuse heap usually near a dwelling.; A prehistoric pile of bones and shells.; A shelter made of vegetation and other materials by packrats.; An accumulation of dried urine and fecal deposits made by hyraxes.
middle: (n) A centre, midpoint.; The part between the beginning and the end.; The middle stump.; The central part of a human body; the waist.; The middle voice.(aj) Located in the middle; in between.; Central.; Pertaining to the middle voice.(v) To take a middle view of.; To double (a rope) into two equal portions; to fold in the middle.
middy: (n) a midshipman; A measure of 285 ml (10 fl oz) of beer; a pot.
midge: (n) any of various small two-winged flies, for example, from the family Chironomidae or non-biting midges, the family Chaoboridae or phantom midges, and the family Ceratopogonidae or biting midges, all belonging to the order Diptera; any bait or lure designed to resemble a midge
Midge: (N) A female given name of rare usage, variant of Madge.
midges: (n) plural of midge
midget: (n) A little sandfly.; Any small swarming insect similar to the mosquito; a midge.; A normally proportioned person with small stature, usually defined as reaching an adult height less than 4'10".; Any short person.; A small version of something; miniature.
midgut: (n) The central loop of the alimentary canal of an embryo between the foregut and the hindgut, in humans and some other animals.; The developed counterpart in the adult: the intermediate part of the alimentary canal, which in humans runs from the second half of the duodenum through the proximal two-thirds of the transverse colon.
midi: (aj) Having a hemline at mid-calf length.(n) A coat or skirt having such a hemline.; Synonym of Berliner (“newspaper format”)
MIDI: (n) A computerized music file in the MIDI format.
Midi: (N) The south of France.
Midian: (N) A biblical location in northwest Arabia.
midrib: (n) The strengthened vein down the middle of a flower petal or simple leaf or leaflet.; The continuation of the petiole of a pinnately compound leaf around which the leaflets attach.
midst: (n) A place in the middle of something; may be used of a literal or metaphorical location.(p) Among, in the middle of; amid.
midway: (n) The middle; the midst.; A middle way or manner; a mean or middle course between extremes.; The part of a fair or circus where rides, entertainments, and booths are concentrated.; The widest aisle in the middle of an industrial complex (such as railroad shops or a coach yard) along which various buildings are aligned(aj) Being in the middle of the way or distance; middle.(av) Halfway; equidistant from either end point; in the middle between two points
Midway: (N) An atoll in the North Pacific. Known for its World War II battle.; A village in Belize.; A village in British Columbia, Canada.; A suburb of Swadlincote, Derbyshire, England.; A town in Bullock County, Alabama.; A locality in Maricopa County, Arizona.; Several place names in Arkansas:; A census-designated place in Baxter County, Arkansas.; Several place names in Arkansas:; An unincorporated community in Clark County, Arkansas.; Several place names in Arkansas:; A town in Hot Spring County, Arkansas.; Several place names in Arkansas:; An unincorporated community in Howard County, Arkansas.; Several place names in Arkansas:; A ghost town in Howard County, Arkansas.; Several place names in Arkansas:; An unincorporated community in Jackson County, Arkansas.; Several place names in Arkansas:; An unincorporated community in Jefferson County, Arkansas.; Several place names in Arkansas:; An unincorporated community in Lafayette County, Arkansas.; Several place names in Arkansas:; An unincorporated community in Lee County, Arkansas.; Several place names in Arkansas:; An unincorporated community in Logan County, Arkansas.; Several place names in Arkansas:; An unincorporated community in Marion County, Arkansas.; Several place names in Arkansas:; An unincorporated community in Mississippi County, Arkansas.; Several place names in Arkansas:; An unincorporated community in Nevada County, Arkansas.; Several place names in Arkansas:; An unincorporated community in St. Francis County, Arkansas.; Several place names in Arkansas:; An unincorporated community in White County, Arkansas, near the city of Bald Knob.; Several place names in Arkansas:; An unincorporated community in White County, Arkansas, near the town of Pleasant Plains.; An unincorporated community in Alameda County, California, United States.; An oil field in Kern County, California, United States, properly the Midway-Sunset Oil Field.; A neighborhood of San Diego, California, United States.; An unincorporated community in El Paso County, Colorado, United States.; An unincorporated community in Sussex County, Delaware, United States.; Several place names in Florida:; A small city in Gadsden County, Florida, United States.; Several place names in Florida:; An unincorporated community in Santa Rosa County, Florida, United States.; Several place names in Florida:; A census-designated place and unincorporated community in Seminole County, Florida, United States.; A small city in Liberty County, Georgia, United States.; Several place names in Illinois:; An unincorporated community in Christian County, Illinois, United States.; Several place names in Illinois:; A ghost town in Fulton County, Illinois, United States.; Several place names in Illinois:; An unincorporated community in Madison County, Illinois, United States.; Several place names in Illinois:; An unincorporated community in Massac County, Illinois, United States.; Several place names in Illinois:; An unincorporated community in Tazewell County, Illinois, United States.; Several place names in Illinois:; An unincorporated community in Vermilion County, Illinois, United States.; Several place names in Indiana:; The former name of a town in Clinton County, Indiana, United States; now, Colfax.; Several place names in Indiana:; An unincorporated community in Concord Township, Elkhart County, Indiana, United States.; Several place names in Indiana:; An unincorporated community in Laurel Township, Franklin County, Indiana, United States.; Several place names in Indiana:; An unincorporated community in Smyrna Township, Jefferson County, Indiana, United States.; Several place names in Indiana:; An unincorporated community in Wabash Township, Parke County, Indiana, United States.; Several place names in Indiana:; An unincorporated community in Grass Township, Spencer County, Indiana, United States.; Several place names in Iowa:; An unincorporated community in Floyd County, Iowa, United States.; Several place names in Iowa:; A ghost town in Johnson County, Iowa, United States.; Several place names in Iowa:; An unincorporated community in Linn County, Iowa, United States.; Several place names in Iowa:; An unincorporated community in Woodbury County, Iowa, United States.; An unincorporated community in Crawford County, Kansas, United States.; Several place names in Kentucky:; A small home rule city in Woodford County, Kentucky, United States.; Several place names in Kentucky:; An unincorporated community in Caldwell County, Kentucky, United States.; Several place names in Kentucky:; An unincorporated community in Calloway County, Kentucky, United States.; Several place names in Kentucky:; An unincorporated community in Crittenden County, Kentucky, United States.; Several place names in Kentucky:; An unincorporated community in Edmonson County, Kentucky, United States, also known as Lindseyville.; Several place names in Kentucky:; An unincorporated community in Meade County, Kentucky, United States.; Several place names in Louisiana:; An unincorporated community in Bossier Parish, Louisiana, United States.; Several place names in Louisiana:; An unincorporated community and census-designated place in LaSalle Parish, Louisiana, United States.; Several place names in Louisiana:; An unincorporated community in Rapides Parish, Louisiana, United States.; Several place names in Louisiana:; An unincorporated community in St. Mary Parish, Louisiana, United States.; Several place names in Louisiana:; An unincorporated community in Webster Parish, Louisiana, United States.; Several place names in Minnesota:; An unincorporated community in Becker County, Minnesota, United States.; Several place names in Minnesota:; A census-designated place and unincorporated community in Mahnomen County, Minnesota, United States.; Several place names in Mississippi:; An unincorporated community in Copiah County, Mississippi, United States.; Several place names in Mississippi:; An unincorporated community in Hinds County, Mississippi, United States.; Several place names in Mississippi:; An unincorporated community in Leake County, Mississippi, United States.; Several place names in Mississippi:; An unincorporated community in Scott County, Mississippi, United States.; Several place names in Mississippi:; A ghost town in Tallahatchie County, Mississippi, United States.; Several place names in Mississippi:; An unincorporated community in Tishomingo County, Mississippi, United States.; Several place names in Mississippi:; An unincorporated community in Yazoo County, Mississippi, United States.; Several place names in Missouri:; An unincorporated community in Boone County, Missouri, United States.; Several place names in Missouri:; An unincorporated community in Lewis County, Missouri, United States.; Several place names in Missouri:; An unincorporated community in Oregon County, Missouri, United States.; Several place names in Missouri:; A former village in Newton County, Missouri, United States, now a part of Joplin, Missouri.; An unincorporated community and census-designated place in Chaves County, New Mexico, United States.; A town in Davidson County, North Carolina.; A village in Madison County, Ohio, also called Sedalia.; An unincorporated community in Atoka County and Coal County, Oklahoma.; Several place names in Oregon:; The former name of an unincorporated community in Jackson County, Oregon, United States, now Four Corners.; Several place names in Oregon:; An unincorporated rural community in Washington County, Oregon.; Several place names in Pennsylvania:; An unincorporated CDP in Adams County, Pennsylvania.; Several place names in Pennsylvania:; An unincorporated community in Bethel Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania.; Several place names in Pennsylvania:; A borough of Washington County, Pennsylvania.; Several place names in Tennessee:; An unincorporated community in Bedford County, Tennessee, United States.; Several place names in Tennessee:; An unincorporated community in Cannon County, Tennessee, United States.; Several place names in Tennessee:; An unincorporated community in Clay County, Tennessee, United States.; Several place names in Tennessee:; An unincorporated community in Cocke County, Tennessee, United States.; Several place names in Tennessee:; An unincorporated community in Crockett County, Tennessee, United States.; Several place names in Tennessee:; An unincorporated community in Cumberland County, Tennessee, United States.; Several place names in Tennessee:; An unincorporated community in DeKalb County, Tennessee, United States.; Several place names in Tennessee:; An unincorporated community in Dyer County, Tennessee, United States.; Several place names in Tennessee:; An unincorporated community in Franklin County, Tennessee, United States.; Several place names in Tennessee:; An unincorporated community in Greene County, Tennessee, United States.; Several place names in Tennessee:; An unincorporated community in Hawkins County, Tennessee, United States.; Several place names in Tennessee:; An unincorporated community in the northwest corner of Henry County, Tennessee, United States.; Several place names in Tennessee:; An unincorporated community in western Henry County, Tennessee, United States.; Several place names in Tennessee:; An unincorporated community in Johnson County, Tennessee, United States.; Several place names in Tennessee:; An unincorporated community in Knox County, Tennessee, United States.; Several place names in Tennessee:; An unincorporated community in Morgan County, Tennessee, United States.; Several place names in Tennessee:; An unincorporated community in Obion County, Tennessee, United States.; Several place names in Tennessee:; An unincorporated community in Pickett County, Tennessee, United States.; Several place names in Tennessee:; An unincorporated community in Roane County, Tennessee, United States.; Several place names in Tennessee:; An unincorporated community in Warren County, Tennessee, United States.; Several place names in Tennessee:; An unincorporated community and former CDP in Washington County, Tennessee, United States.; Several place names in Texas:; A city in Madison County, Texas.; Several place names in Texas:; An unincorporated community in Smith County, Texas.; A city in Wasatch County, Utah.; Several place names in Virginia:; An unincorporated community in Albemarle County, Virginia.; Several place names in Virginia:; An unincorporated community near the city of Charlottesville, Albemarle County, Virginia; not the same as the previous community.; Several place names in Virginia:; An unincorporated community near the unincorporated community of Buffalo Springs, Halifax County, Virginia.; Several place names in Virginia:; An unincorporated community near the town of Scottsburg, Halifax County, Virginia.; Several place names in Virginia:; An unincorporated community in King William County, Virginia.; Several place names in Virginia:; An unincorporated community in Mecklenburg County, Virginia.; Several place names in Virginia:; An unincorporated community in Washington County, Virginia.; Several place names in Virginia:; The former name of an unincorporated community in Augusta County and Rockbridge County, Virginia, United States, now Steeles Tavern.; Several place names in Virginia:; The former name of an unincorporated community in Charlotte County, Virginia, United States, now Wren.; Several place names in West Virginia:; An unincorporated community in Fayette County, West Virginia.; Several place names in West Virginia:; An unincorporated community in Mercer Countc, West Virginia.; Several place names in West Virginia:; An unincorporated community in Putnam County, West Virginia.; Several place names in West Virginia:; An unincorporated community in Raleigh County, West Virginia.; An unincorporated community in La Crosse County, Wisconsin.
mien: (n) Demeanor; facial expression or attitude, especially one which is intended by its bearer.; A specific facial expression.
Mien: (N) A group of related languages spoken by the Yao people.
miens: (n) plural of mien
miff: (n) A small argument; a quarrel.; A state of being offended.(v) To offend slightly.; To become slightly offended.
miffy: (aj) Easily irritated or offended.; Particular; fussy.
MiG: (n) Any of a series of Soviet and Russian fighter aircraft.
MIG: (n) A member of the Luton Town MIGs (Men in Gear), a firm of football hooligans.; Misspelling of MiG. (aircraft)
Mig: (n) an incorrect capitalisation of MiG. (Russian fighters)
might: (n) Power, strength, force or influence held by a person or group.; Physical strength or force.; The ability to do something.(aj) Mighty; powerful.; Possible.(v) Used to indicate conditional or possible actions.; simple past tense of may Used to indicate permission in past tense.; simple past tense of may Used to indicate possibility in past tense.; Used to indicate a desired past action that was not done.; Even though.; Used in polite requests for permission; Used to express certainty.
mighty: (n) A warrior of great strength and courage.(aj) Very strong; possessing might.; Very heavy and powerful.; Very large; hefty.; Accomplished by might; hence, extraordinary; wonderful.; Excellent, extremely good.(av) Very; to a high degree.
mignon: (aj) Small and cute; pretty in a delicate way; dainty.(n) A cute or pretty person; a dandy; a pretty child.; One of the court favourites of Henry III of France.
Mignon: (N) A female given name from French.
mihrab: (n) a niche in a mosque that indicates the qibla (direction of Mecca), and into which the imam prays; a design in a Muslim prayer mat with the same function
mikado: (n) A former title of the emperors of Japan during a certain period.; Any emperor of Japan.; A game of skill, in which identically shaped (but differently colored and valued) wooden sticks must be removed from a pile without disturbing the remaining stack.; A fabric having a stiff twill weave.
Mikado: (N) A hamlet in Saskatchewan, Canada; A name given to the steam locomotive 2-8-2 wheel arrangement.(n) Alternative letter-case form of mikado (“emperor of Japan”)
mike: (n) A microphone.(v) To microphone; to place one or more microphones (mikes) on.; To measure using a micrometer.(n) A minute.(n) Short for microgram.
Mike: (N) A diminutive of the male given name Michael.; A diminutive of the female given name Michaela.; The letter M in the ICAO spelling alphabet.
mikvah: (n) Alternative spelling of mikveh
mil: (n) An angular mil, a unit of angular measurement equal to ¹⁄₆₄₀₀ of a complete circle. At 1000 metres one mil subtends about one metre (0.98 m). Also ¹⁄₆₀₀₀ and ¹⁄₆₃₀₀ are used in other countries.; A unit of measurement equal to ¹⁄₁₀₀₀ of an inch (25.4 µm), usually used for thin objects, such as sheets of plastic.; a former subdivision (¹⁄₁₀₀₀) of the Maltese lira
milady: (n) An English noblewoman or gentlewoman; the form of address to such a person; a lady.(v) To address as “milady”.
milch: (aj) Used to produce milk; dairy.; Currently producing milk for its offspring.; Tender; pitiful; weeping.
mild: (aj) Gentle and not easily angered.; Of only moderate severity; not strict.; Not overly felt or seriously intended.; Not serious or dangerous.; Moderately warm, especially less cold than expected.; Acting gently and without causing harm.; Not sharp or bitter; not strong in flavor.(n) A relatively low-gravity beer, often with a dark colour; mild ale
milded: (v) plural of mild
milden: (v) To make or become mild or milder.
milder: (aj) comparative form of mild: more mild
mildew: (n) A growth of minute powdery or webby fungi, whitish or of different colors, found on various diseased or decaying substances.(v) To taint with mildew.; To become tainted with mildew.
milding: (v) plural of mild
mildly: (av) In a mild manner.; To a mild degree; slightly.
mile: (n) The international mile: a unit of length precisely equal to 1.609344 kilometers established by treaty among Anglophone nations in 1959, divided into 5,280 feet or 1,760 yards.; Any of several customary units of length derived from the 1593 English statute mile of 8 furlongs, equivalent to 5,280 feet or 1,760 yards of various precise values.; Any of many customary units of length derived from the Roman mile (mille passus) of 8 stades or 5,000 Roman feet.; The Scandinavian mile: a unit of length precisely equal to 10 kilometers defined in 1889.; Any of many customary units of length from other measurement systems of roughly similar values, as the Chinese (里) or Arabic mile (al-mīl).; An airline mile in a frequent flyer program.; Any similarly large distance.; A race of 1 mile's length; a race of around 1 mile's length (usually 1500 or 1600 meters); One mile per hour, as a measure of speed.
miler: (n) An athlete or a horse who specializes in running races of one mile, or a specified number of miles.; A race whose length is the specified number of miles.
Miler: (N) A surname.
miles: (n) plural of mile; A great distance in space or time.(av) much; a lot (used to emphasise a comparative)
Miles: (N) A male given name from the Germanic languages.; A patronymic surname, from given names.; A number of places in the United States:; A minor city in Jackson County, Iowa.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Orange County, North Carolina.; A number of places in the United States:; A township in Centre County, Pennsylvania.; A number of places in the United States:; A minor city in Runnels County, Texas.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Mathews County, Virginia.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Lincoln County, Washington.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Pendleton County, West Virginia.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Porterfield, Marinette County, Wisconsin.; A town in Western Downs Region, Queensland, Australia.
milieu: (n) A social setting or environment.; A particular medium.
milium: (n) A keratin-filled cyst that can appear just under the epidermis or on the roof of the mouth.
milk: (n) A white liquid produced by the mammary glands of female mammals to nourish their young. From certain animals, especially cows, it is also called dairy milk and is a common food for humans as a beverage or used to produce various dairy products such as butter, cheese, and yogurt.; A white (or whitish) liquid obtained from a vegetable source such as almonds, coconuts, oats, rice, and/or soy beans.; An individual serving of milk.; An individual portion of milk, such as found in a creamer, for tea and coffee.; The ripe, undischarged spat of an oyster.; Semen.(v) To express milk from (a mammal, especially a cow).; To draw (milk) from the breasts or udder.; To express a liquid from a creature.; To make excessive use of (a particular point in speech or writing, a source of funds, etc.); to exploit; to take advantage of (something).; To give off small gas bubbles during the final part of the charging operation.; To single-mindedly masturbate a male to ejaculation, especially for the amusement and/or satisfaction of the masturbator/trix rather than the person masturbated.
Milk: (N) A surname.
milked: (v) simple past tense and past participle of milk
milker: (n) An animal, such as a dairy cow, kept for the milk it produces.; A person who milks.; A milking machine.; A conservative poker player who only raises the stakes on a good hand.; A woman’s breast.
milky: (aj) Resembling milk in color, consistency, smell, etc.; consisting of milk.; Of the black in an image, appearing as dark gray rather than black.; Containing (an especially large amount of) milk.; Containing a whitish liquid, juicy.; Cowardly.; Immature, childish.; Producing milk, lactating.
mill: (n) A grinding apparatus for substances such as grains, seeds, etc.; The building housing such a grinding apparatus.; A machine used for expelling the juice, sap, etc., from vegetable tissues by pressure, or by pressure in combination with a grinding, or cutting process.; A machine for grinding and polishing.; The raised or ridged edge or surface made in milling anything, such as a coin or screw.; A manufacturing plant for paper, steel, textiles, etc.; A building housing such a plant.; An establishment that handles a certain type of situation or procedure routinely, or produces large quantities of an item without much regard to quality, such as a divorce mill, a puppy mill, etc.; An institution awarding educational certificates not officially recognised; An engine.; A boxing match, fistfight.; A hardened steel roller with a design in relief, used for imprinting a reversed copy of the design in a softer metal, such as copper.; An excavation in rock, transverse to the workings, from which material for filling is obtained.; A passage underground through which ore is shot.; A milling cutter.; A prison treadmill.; A typewriter used to transcribe messages received.(v) To grind or otherwise process in a mill or other machine.; To shape, polish, dress or finish using a machine.; To engrave one or more grooves or a pattern around the edge of (a cylindrical object such as a coin).; To move about in an aimless fashion.; To cause to mill, or circle around.; To swim underwater.; To swim suddenly in a new direction.; To beat; to pound.; To pass through a fulling mill; to full, as cloth.; To roll (steel, etc.) into bars.; To make (drinking chocolate) frothy, as by churning.; To undergo hulling.; To take part in a fistfight; to box.; To fill (a winze or interior incline) with broken ore, to be drawn out at the bottom.; To commit burglary.(n) An obsolete coin worth one thousandth of a US dollar, or one tenth of a cent.; One thousandth part, particularly in millage rates of property tax.(n) Alternative form of mil (“million”)(n) A line of three matching pieces in nine men's morris and related games.(v) To move (a card) from a deck to the discard pile.; To destroy (a card) due to having a full hand.(n) Discarding a card from one's deck.; A strategy centered on depleting the opponent's deck.
Mill: (N) A surname.; John Stuart Mill.
milled: (aj) Ground by a mill.(v) simple past tense and past participle of mill
miller: (n) A person who owns or operates a mill, especially a flour mill.; A milling machine.; Any of several moths that have powdery wings, especially Acronicta leporina and moths of the genus Agrotis.; The common name of a flour-smelling mushroom, Clitopilus prunulus.
Miller: (N) An English and Scottish occupational surname, from occupations for a miller.; A male given name transferred from the surname.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Morgan County, Indiana.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community and census-designated place in Hancock County, Iowa.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Lyon County, Kansas.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Fulton County, Kentucky.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Perry County, Kentucky.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Clay Township, St. Clair County, Michigan.; A number of places in the United States:; A minor city in Lawrence County, Missouri.; A number of places in the United States:; A village in Buffalo County, Nebraska.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community and census-designated place in Lawrence County, Ohio.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Pushmataha County, Oklahoma.; A number of places in the United States:; A small city, the county seat of Hand County, South Dakota.; A number of places in the United States:; A number of townships in the United States, listed under Miller Township.; A neighbourhood in north-east Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.; A suburb in the City of Liverpool, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
millet: (n) Any of a group of various types of grass or its grains used as food, widely cultivated in the developing world.(n) A semi-autonomous confessional community under the Ottoman Empire, especially a non-Muslim one.
Millet: (N) A surname.; A town in Alberta, Canada
mills: (n) plural of mill(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mill
Mills: (N) An English and Scottish occupational surname, from Middle English for mill owners and workers.; An Irish habitational surname, from Irish, an anglicization of an Mhuilinn (“of the mill”).; A male given name transferred from the surname; A locale in the United States.; A town in Wyoming.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Kentucky; named for postmaster Isaac Mills.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Nebraska; named for a local gristmill.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in New Mexico; named for rancher and politician Melvin Whitson Mills.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Utah.
milo: (n) sorghum
Milo: (N) A male given name from the Germanic languages.; An English patronymic surname transferred from the given name.
milord: (n) An English nobleman, especially one traveling Europe in grand style; a wealthy British gentleman.(n) Alternative form of m'lord(v) To address as “milord”.
Milord: (N) A surname.
milt: (n) The spleen, especially of an animal bred for food.; The semen of a male fish.(v) To impregnate (the roe of a fish) with milt.
milter: (n) A male fish during breeding season.
Milton: (N) A place in England:; A village and civil parish in South Cambridgeshire district, Cambridgeshire (OS grid ref TL4762).; A place in England:; A hamlet in Brampton parish, Carlisle district, Cumbria (OS grid ref NY5560).; A place in England:; A hamlet in South Lakeland district, Cumbria (OS grid ref SD5383).; A place in England:; A hamlet in Derbyshire.; A place in England:; An area of Portsmouth, Hampshire.; A place in England:; A village in West Markham parish, Bassetlaw district, Nottinghamshire (OS grid ref SK7173).; A place in England:; A village in Cherwell district, Oxfordshire.; A place in England:; A village and civil parish in Vale of White Horse district, Oxfordshire (OS grid ref SU4892).; A place in England:; A hamlet in Somerset.; A place in England:; A village in Staffordshire.; A place in England:; A hamlet in Wiltshire.; A place in Scotland:; A village in Ross and Cromarty.; A place in Scotland:; A village in Inverness-shire.; A place in Scotland:; A district of Glasgow, Lanarkshire.; A place in Scotland:; A hamlet in Stirlingshire.; A place in Scotland:; A village in West Dunbartonshire council area (OS grid ref NS4274).; A place in Scotland:; A settlement in the Outer Hebrides.; A habitational surname, from Old English, from the multiple places in Britain named "Milton".; A male given name transferred from the surname.; John Milton, an English author and poet of the seventeenth century.; John Milton's works or media adaptations of his works.; A place in Australia.; A suburb of Brisbane, Queensland; named for nearby Milton Farm, itself for poet John Milton.; A place in Australia.; A town in New South Wales.; A place in Canada.; A town in Ontario; named for poet John Milton.; A place in Canada.; A village in Nova Scotia.; A place in Canada.; A former logging village in Newfoundland and Labrador; named for poet John Milton.; A town in Otago, New Zealand.; A place in the United States.; A city in Georgia, a suburb of Atlanta; named for Revolutionary War officer John Milton.; A place in the United States.; A town in Massachusetts; named for Milton Abbey in Dorset, England.; A place in the United States.; A town in Saratoga County, New York; named for either poet John Milton or a mill in the area.; A place in the United States.; A town in Vermont, a suburb of Burlington; named for British statesman William Fitzwilliam, Viscount Milton.; A place in the United States.; A city, the county seat of Santa Rosa County, Florida; perhaps named for poet John Milton, or for the local lumber mill industry.; A place in the United States.; A city in Washington.; A place in the United States.; A borough of Pennsylvania.; A place in the United States.; A town in Delaware; named for poet John Milton.; A place in the United States.; A town in Rock County, Wisconsin; named for poet John Milton.; A place in the United States.; A town in West Virginia; named for landowner Milton Reece.; A place in the United States.; A hamlet in Ulster County, New York; named for poet John Milton.; A place in the United States.; A town in New Hampshire; named for either a mill in the area or for the Viscount Milton.; A place in the United States.; A city in Kentucky.; A place in the United States.; A city in Rock County, Wisconsin; named for poet John Milton.; A place in the United States.; A town in Buffalo County, Wisconsin.; A place in the United States.; A town in Wayne County, Indiana; named for the watermills in the area.; A place in the United States.; A city in Iowa; named for the town in Delaware.; A place in the United States.; A village in Illinois.; A place in the United States.; A town in North Carolina; named for a mill in the area.; A place in the United States.; An unorganized territory in Maine.; A place in the United States.; A city in North Dakota.; A place in the United States.; A neighborhood of Kansas City, Missouri; named for the landowning Milton family.; A place in the United States.; An unincorporated community in California; named for railroad engineer Milton Latham.; A place in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Ohio County, Indiana; named for the gristmill and sawmill in the area.; A place in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Kansas.; A place in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Louisiana; named for early resident Dr. Milton R. Cushman and his son, Milton S. Cushman.; A place in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Atchison County, Missouri.; A place in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Randolph County, Missouri; named for the town in North Carolina.; A place in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Tennessee.; A place in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Texas.
mim: (aj) Demure, shy.(n) Alternative form of meem (Arabic letter).
Mim: (N) A diminutive of the female given name Miriam
mime: (n) A form of acting without words; pantomime.; A pantomime actor.; A classical theatrical entertainment in the form of farce.; A performer of such a farce.; A person who mimics others in a comical manner.; Any of various papilionid butterflies of the genus Chilasa or Papilio, that mimic other species in appearance.(v) To mimic.; To act without words.; To represent an action or object through gesture, without the use of sound.
mimes: (n) plural of mime(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mime
mimic: (v) To imitate, especially in order to ridicule.; To take on the appearance of another, for protection or camouflage.(n) A person who practices mimicry; especially:; A mime.; A person who practices mimicry; especially:; A comic who does impressions.; An entity that mimics another entity, such as a disease that resembles another disease in its signs and symptoms; see the great imitator.; An imitation.(aj) Pertaining to mimicry; imitative.; Mock, pretended.; Imitative; characterized by resemblance to other forms; applied to crystals which by twinning resemble simple forms of a higher grade of symmetry.
mimmest: (adj) plural of mim
mimosa: (n) A plant belonging to the genus Mimosa usually found in tropical climates, their leaves are usually prickly and sensitive to touch or light, and have small white or pink flowers.; Albizia species (silk tree, pink siris).; Acacia species.; A cocktail consisting of half champagne and half orange juice.
Mimosa: (N) The star Beta Crucis.
mina: (n) Alternative spelling of myna(n) A monetary unit of ancient Greece and the Middle East, originally equivalent to the weight of a mina of silver.; A unit of weight of varying value used in the ancient Middle East, especially Babylonia, Mesopotamia and Egypt; also an ancient Greek measure of weight equivalent to 1/60th of a talent.
Mina: (N) A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Mendocino County, California.; A number of places in the United States:; A census-designated place in Mineral County, Nevada.; A number of places in the United States:; A town in Chautauqua County, New York.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Williams County, Ohio.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Edmunds County, South Dakota.
minae: (n) plural of mina
minas: (n) plural of mina
Minas: (N) A surname.
mince: (n) Finely chopped meat; minced meat.; Finely chopped mixed fruit used in Christmas pies; mincemeat.; An affected (often dainty or short and precise) gait.; An affected manner, especially of speaking; an affectation.; An eye (from mince pie).(v) To make less; make small.; To lessen; diminish; to diminish in speaking; speak of lightly or slightingly; minimise.; To effect mincingly.; To cut into very small pieces; to chop fine.; To suppress or weaken the force of; To say or utter vaguely, not directly or frankly; To affect; to pronounce affectedly or with an accent.; To walk with short steps; to walk in a prim, affected manner.; To act or talk with affected nicety; to affect delicacy in manner.
minced: (aj) Finely chopped.; Minutely subdivided.; Weakened, extenuated.(v) simple past tense and past participle of mince
minces: (n) plural of mince(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mince
mind: (n) The ability of rational thought.; The ability to be aware of things.; The ability to remember things.; The ability to focus the thoughts.; Somebody that embodies certain mental qualities.; Judgment, opinion, or view.; Desire, inclination, or intention.; A healthy mental state.; The non-material substance or set of processes in which consciousness, perception, affectivity, judgement, thinking, and will are based.; Continual prayer on a dead person's behalf for a period after their death.; Attention, consideration or thought.(v) To bring or recall to mind; to remember; bear or keep in mind.; To remember.; To remind; put one's mind on.; To turn one's mind to; to observe; to notice.; To regard with attention; to treat as of consequence.; To pay attention or heed to so as to obey; hence to obey; to make sure, to take care (that).; To pay attention to, in the sense of occupying one's mind with, to heed.; To look after, to take care of, especially for a short period of time.; To be careful about.; To purpose, intend, plan.; Take note; used to point out an exception or caveat.; To dislike, to object to; to be bothered by.
minded: (aj) Having or exemplifying a mind of the stated type, nature or inclination.; Having a preference for doing something; having a likelihood, or disposition to carry out an act.(v) simple past tense and past participle of mind
minder: (n) One who minds, tends, or watches something such as a child, a machine, or cattle; a keeper.; A personal bodyguard.; A monitor assigned by the authorities to someone, such as a foreign visitor (to exercise control over their contacts with the populace) or a journalist or someone who is speaking to journalists (to monitor and control what they say).; One who is taken care of, such as a pauper child in the care of private person; a ward.
Minder: (N) A surname.
minds: (n) plural of mind(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mind
mine: (P) That which belongs to me.; Used predicatively.; That which belongs to me.; Used substantively, with an implied noun.; That which belongs to me.; Used absolutely, set off from the sentence.; That which belongs to me.; Used otherwise not directly before the possessed noun.(d) My; belonging to me.; Used attributively after the noun it modifies.; My; belonging to me.; Used attributively before a vowel.(n) An excavation from which ore or solid minerals are taken, especially one consisting of underground tunnels.; Any source of wealth or resources.; A passage dug toward or underneath enemy lines, which is then packed with explosives.; A device intended to explode when stepped upon or touched, or when approached by a ship, vehicle, or person.; A type of firework that explodes on the ground, shooting sparks upward.; The cavity made by a caterpillar while feeding inside a leaf.; A machine or network of machines used to extract units of a cryptocurrency.(v) To remove (rock or ore) from the ground.; To dig into, for ore or metal.; To sow mines (the explosive devices) in (an area).; To damage (a vehicle or ship) with a mine (an explosive device).; To dig a tunnel or hole; to burrow in the earth.; To dig away, or otherwise remove, the substratum or foundation of; to lay a mine under; to sap; to undermine.; To ruin or destroy by slow degrees or secret means.; To pick one's nose.; To earn new units of cryptocurrency by doing certain calculations.(n) Alternative form of mien
Mine: (P) Alternative letter-case form of mine often used when speaking as God or another important figure who is understood from context.
mined: (v) simple past tense and past participle of mine
miner: (n) A person who works in a mine.; An operator of ordnance mines and similar explosives.; Any bird of one of four species of Australian endemic honeyeaters in the genus Manorina.; Any bird of one of several species of South American ovenbirds in the genus Geositta.; Software or hardware that mines, or creates new units of cryptocurrency; someone engaged in mining.
Miner: (N) A surname.; A minor city in Mississippi County and Scott County, Missouri, United States.
miners: (n) plural of miner
Miners: (N) plural of Miner
mines: (n) plural of mine(P) variation of mine, formed through analogy based on the final -s of the other possessive pronouns (ours, yours, hers, theirs, his)(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mine
ming: (v) To mix, blend, mingle.; To bring (people, animals etc.) together; to be joined, in marriage or sexual intercourse.; To produce through mixing; especially, to knead.(n) Mixture.(v) To be unattractive (person or object).; To be foul-smelling.(v) To speak of, to mention.; To speak; tell; talk; discourse.
Ming: (n) A member of the Ming dynasty(N) A former dynasty in China, reigning from the end of the Yuan to the beginning of the Qing (Ching); A former empire in China, occupying the eastern half of modern China, as well as parts of Russia and northern Vietnam; The era of Chinese history during which the dynasty reigned; The pottery of the era, famed for its high quality; A surname.; A male or female given name
mingle: (v) To intermix; to combine or join, as an individual or part, with other parts, but commonly so as to be distinguishable in the product; To associate or unite in a figurative way, or by ties of relationship; to cause or allow to intermarry; to intermarry.; To deprive of purity by mixture; to contaminate.; To make or prepare by mixing the ingredients of.; To put together; to join.; To become mixed or blended.; To socialize with different people at a social event.(n) A mixture.; The act of informally meeting numerous people in a group
Mingle: (N) A surname.
mingy: (aj) Mean, miserly, stingy.
mini: (aj) Miniature, tiny, small.(n) Clipped form of miniskirt.; Clipped form of minicomputer.
Mini: (n) A model of compact car, originally built by BMC in the United Kingdom, and later by BMW.
minify: (v) To make smaller.; To reduce in apparent size, as for example objects viewed through a lens or mirror shaped so as to increase the field of view, such as a convex or aspheric mirror or a Fresnel lens.; To remove white space and unnecessary characters from a web page's source code in order to reduce its size and improve download time.
minim: (n) A half note, drawn as a semibreve with a stem.; A unit of volume, in the Imperial and U.S. customary systems, 1/60 fluid drachm. Approximately equal to 1 drop, 62 μL or 0.9 grain (weight) of water.; A short vertical stroke used in handwriting.; Anything very minute; applied to animalcula and the like.; The smallest kind of worker in a leaf-cutter ant colony.; A little man or being; a dwarf.; A small fish; a minnow.; A short poetical encomium.
Minim: (n) A member of a Roman Catholic religious order of friars founded by Saint Francis of Paola in fifteenth-century Italy.
mining: (n) The activity of removing solid valuables from the earth.; Any activity that extracts or undermines.; The activity of placing mines (the explosive devices).; Creation of new units of cryptocurrency by validating transactions and demonstrating proof of work.(v) present participle of mine
minion: (n) A loyal servant of another, usually a more powerful being.; A sycophantic follower.; A loved one; one highly esteemed and favoured.; An ancient form of ordnance with a calibre of about three inches.; The size of type between nonpareil and brevier, standardized as 7-point.; Obsolete form of minimum.(aj) Favoured, beloved; "pet".
minium: (n) Cinnabar, especially when used as a pigment; vermilion.; Red lead.
miniums: (n) plural of minium
mink: (n) Any of various semi-aquatic, carnivorous mammals in the Mustelinae subfamily, similar to weasels, with dark fur, native to Europe and America, of which two species in different genera are extant: the American mink (Neovison vison) and the European mink (Mustela lutreola).; The fur or pelt of a mink, used to make apparel.; An article of clothing made of mink.; (plural minks) An individual with poor personal hygiene; a smelly person.
minnow: (n) A small freshwater fish of the carp family, Phoxinus phoxinus.; Any small fish.; A relatively small and insignificant person or organization.(v) To fish for minnows.; To fish (especially for trout) using a minnow as bait.
Minoan: (aj) Of or relating to the civilization that developed in Crete from the neolithic period to the Bronze Age (about 3000-1050 B.C.E.).; Of or relating to the writing systems (Linear A and Linear B) used in Crete and later in mainland Greece.; Of or relating to the ancient language of the Minoans which died out by the beginning of the 1st millennium B.C.E..(n) A person who belonged to the Minoan civilization.(N) the language written in Linear A
minor: (aj) Lesser in importance, size, degree, seriousness, or significance; comparatively unimportant.; Not serious or involving risk to life.; Having intervals of a semitone between the second and third degrees, and (usually) the fifth and sixth, and the seventh and eighth.; Characteristic of a minor scale and less by a semitone than the equivalent major interval.; (of a key or mode) Based on a minor scale and tending to produce a sad or pensive effect.; Not having reached majority.; Indicating the younger of two brothers, following a surname in public schools.; Of or relating to an academic subject requiring fewer courses than a major.; Occurring as the subject of the conclusion of a categorical syllogism.; Containing the minor term in a categorical syllogism.(n) A person who is below the age of majority, consent, criminal responsibility or other adult responsibilities and accountabilities.; A younger brother (especially at a public school).; Ellipsis of minor scale.; Ellipsis of minor interval.; Ellipsis of minor key.; Bell changes rung on six bells.; The minor leagues in baseball or American football.; A subject area of secondary concentration of a student at a college or university.; The student who has chosen such a secondary concentration.; A determinant of a square submatrix.; Ellipsis of minor term.; Ellipsis of minor premise.; Ellipsis of minor suit.; A small drab moth which has purplish caterpillars that feed on grass.; A small worker in a leaf-cutter ant colony, sized between a minim and a media.(v) Used in a phrasal verb: minor in.
Minor: (N) A surname.
minors: (n) plural of minor(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of minor
Minors: (N) plural of Minor
Minos: (N) The mythological first king of Crete, a son of Zeus by Europa, who imprisoned the Minotaur in a labyrinth and after death was made a judge of the dead in Hades; a putative corresponding historical person.
Minsk: (N) The capital city of Belarus.
mint: (n) A building or institution where money (originally, only coins) is produced under government licence.; A vast sum of money; (by extension) a large amount of something.; Any place regarded as a source of unlimited supply; the supply itself.(v) To reproduce (coins), usually en masse, under licence.; To invent; to forge; to fabricate; to fashion.; To create a crypto token.(aj) Like new.; In near-perfect condition; uncirculated.; Unused with original gum; as issued originally.; Very good.; Attractive; beautiful; handsome.(n) Any plant in the genus Mentha in the family Lamiaceae, typically aromatic with square stems.; The flavouring of the plant, either a sweet, a jelly or sauce.; Any plant in the mint family, Lamiaceae.; A green colour, like that of mint.; A mint-flavored candy, often eaten to sweeten the smell of the breath.(aj) Of a green colour, like that of the mint plant.(v) To try, attempt; take aim.; To try, attempt, endeavor; to take aim at; to try to hit; to purpose.; To hint; suggest; insinuate.(n) Intent, purpose; an attempt, try; effort, endeavor.
mints: (n) plural of mint(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mint
minuet: (n) A slow graceful dance consisting of a coupé, a high step, and a balance.; A tune or air to regulate the movements of the minuet dance: it has the dance form, and is commonly in 3/4, sometimes 3/8, measure.; A complete short musical composition inspired by and conforming to many formal characteristics of the traditional musical accompaniment to the dance of same name.; A movement which is part of a longer musical composition such as a suite, sonata, or symphony which is inspired by and conforming to formal characteristics of the dance of same name.(v) To dance a minuet.
minus: (p) Made less or reduced by (followed by an expression of number or quantity).; Without; deprived of.(n) The minus sign (−).; A negative quantity.; A downside or disadvantage.(aj) Being a negative quantity; pertaining to a deficit or reduction.; That is below zero by (a specified amount) on a scale.; Worse off than before; out of pocket.; Ranking just below (a designated rating).(v) To subtract.
Minus: (N) A surname.
minute: (n) A unit of time equal to sixty seconds (one-sixtieth of an hour).; A short but unspecified time period.; A unit of angle equal to one-sixtieth of a degree.; A (usually formal) written record of a meeting or a part of a meeting.; A unit of purchase on a telephone or other similar network, especially a cell phone network, roughly equivalent in gross form to sixty seconds' use of the network.; A point in time; a moment.; A nautical or a geographic mile.; An old coin, a half farthing.; A very small part of anything, or anything very small; a jot; a whit.; A fixed part of a module.; A while or a long unspecified period of time(v) Of an event, to write in a memo or the minutes of a meeting.; To set down a short sketch or note of; to jot down; to make a minute or a brief summary of.(aj) Very small.; Very careful and exact, giving small details.
minx: (n) A flirtatious, impudent, or pert young woman.; A promiscuous woman; also, a mistress (“the other woman in an extramarital relationship”) or a prostitute.; A pet dog.(v) Used transitively when followed by it: to behave like a minx, that is, in a flirtatious and impudent manner.; To make (someone) like a minx; (intransitive) to become like a minx.(n) Often minx otter: obsolete spelling of mink (“any of various semi-aquatic, carnivorous mammals in the Mustelinae subfamily”).
minyan: (n) The minimum number of ten (male) adult Jews required for a communal religious service.; A Jewish prayer service.
Minyan: (n) A member of a race said to be autochthonous to the Aegean area.(aj) pertaining to the Minyans
miosis: (n) Contraction of the pupil of the eye.
miosises: (n) plural of miosis
mir: (n) A traditional village community in Imperial Russia, charaterised by self-government and collectivist control of local lands.
Mir: (N) A Soviet, later Russian space station.; A male given name.
MIR: (n) Synonym of mail-in rebate
Mira: (N) A binary star in the constellation Cetus, Omicron (ο) Ceti. The system contains a variable red giant and a white dwarf. Its brightness varies from a magnitude 2 at its brightest to a magnitude 10 at its dimmest.(N) Mirabai, a 16th-century Indian poetess.; A female given name from India.
mirage: (n) An optical phenomenon in which light is refracted through a layer of hot air close to the ground, often giving the illusion of a body of water.; An illusion.(v) To cause to appear as or like a mirage.
mire: (n) Deep mud; moist, spongy earth.; An undesirable situation, a predicament.(v) To cause or permit to become stuck in mud; to plunge or fix in mud.; To sink into mud.; To weigh down.; To soil with mud or foul matter.(n) An ant.
Mire: (N) A surname.
mirk: (n) Archaic spelling of murk.(v) Archaic spelling of murk.(aj) Archaic spelling of murk.
mirker: (adj) plural of mirk
miro: (n) The portia tree Thespesia populnea, of dark, durable, attractive wood.; Prumnopitys ferruginea, a conifer of New Zealand.
miros: (n) plural of miro
mirror: (n) A smooth surface, usually made of glass with reflective material painted on the underside, that reflects light so as to give an image of what is in front of it.; An object, person, or event that reflects or gives a picture of another.; A disk, website or other resource that contains replicated data.; A mirror carp.; A kind of political self-help book, advising kings, princes, etc. on how to behave.(v) Of an event, activity, behaviour, etc, to be identical to; to be a copy of.; To create something identical to (a web site, etc.).; To reflect, as in a mirror.
mirth: (n) The emotion usually following humour and accompanied by laughter; merriment; jollity; gaiety.; That which causes merriment.
miry: (aj) Relating to a mire; swampy, boggy.
mirza: (n) An educated man in India or Iran; an official, a clerk.
Mirza: (n) A title denoting the rank of a high nobleman or prince, signifying a male-line descent and relationship to the Imperial Families of Turkey, Persia and later South Asia, and was the title borne by members of the highest aristocracies in Tatar states, such as the khanates of Kazan and Astrakhan.
Mis: (N) A surname.
miscue: (n) In a cue sport, an error in hitting the ball with the cue.; The act of missing one's cue or of responding to a cue intended for another actor.; A miss of the object one intended to hit.(v) To give an incorrect cue.; to mishit, strike incorrectly.
misdo: (v) To do evil.; To do (something) incorrectly or improperly.; To do harm to; to injure, mistreat.
mise: (n) The issue in a writ of right.; Expense; cost; disbursement.; A tax or tallage; in Wales, an honorary gift of the people to a new king or prince of Wales; also, a tribute paid, in the county palatine of Chester, England, at the change of the owner of the earldom.(v) Make a risky move with no regard for the consequences when the alternative is certain defeat.
miser: (n) A person who hoards money rather than spending it; one who is cheap or extremely parsimonious.; A kind of earth auger, typically large-bored and often hand-operated.
Miser: (N) A surname.
misers: (n) plural of miser
Misers: (N) plural of Miser
misery: (n) Great unhappiness; extreme pain of body or mind; wretchedness; distress; woe.; A bodily ache or pain.; Cause of misery; calamity; misfortune.; poverty.; greed; avarice.
mises: (n) plural of mise
Mises: (N) plural of Mis
misfit: (n) An ill-fitting garment.; A failure to fit well; unsuitability, disparity.; A badly adjusted person; someone unsuitable or set apart because of their habits, behaviour etc.(v) To fit badly.
mishap: (n) An accident, mistake, or problem.; Evil accident; ill luck; misfortune; mischance.(v) To happen through misfortune; to mishappen.
mislay: (v) To leave or lay something in the wrong place and then forget where one put it.
misled: (v) simple past tense and past participle of mislead(v) simple past tense and past participle of misle
miss: (v) To fail to hit.; To fail to achieve or attain.; To avoid; to escape.; To become aware of the loss or absence of; to feel the want or need of, sometimes with regret.; To fail to understand; to have a shortcoming of perception; overlook.; To fail to attend.; To be late for something (a means of transportation, a deadline, etc.).; To be wanting; to lack something that should be present.; To spare someone of something unwanted or undesirable.; To fail to help the hand of a player.; To fail to score (a goal).; To go wrong; to err.; To be absent, deficient, or wanting.(n) A failure to hit.; A failure to obtain or accomplish.; An act of avoidance (usually used with the verb give); The situation where an item is not found in a cache and therefore needs to be explicitly loaded.(n) A title of respect for a young woman (usually unmarried) with or without a name used.; An unmarried woman; a girl.; A kept woman; a mistress.; In the game of three-card loo, an extra hand, dealt on the table, which may be substituted for the hand dealt to a player.
Miss: (n) Form of address, now used chiefly for an unmarried woman; used chiefly of girls before the mid-1700s, and thereafter used also of adult women without regard to marital status.; Form of address for a teacher or a waitress.
missal: (n) A prayer book.; A book containing the prayers and responses needed when celebrating the Roman Catholic Mass throughout the year.
missed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of miss
misses: (n) plural of miss; A range of clothing sizes for women of average height and build.(n) Alternative spelling of missus (Mrs)(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of miss
Misses: (n) plural of Miss(N) Eye dialect spelling of Mrs.; Alternative spelling of Missus
missier: (adj) plural of missy
missiest: (adj) plural of missy
missis: (n) Pronunciation spelling of missus, representing African-American Vernacular English.
missus: (n) Wife or girlfriend.; Term of address for a woman.
Missus: (N) Mrs, a form of address for a married woman.
missy: (n) A young female, or miss; as a term of mild disparagement, typically used jokingly or rebukingly.; A female nurse.(aj) Girlish; effeminate; sentimental.; Of, or pertaining to, female clothing or clothing sizes.(n) Alternative form of misy
Missy: (N) A diminutive of the female given name Melissa.
mist: (n) Water or other liquid finely suspended in air. (Compare fog, haze.); A layer of fine droplets or particles.; Anything that dims, darkens, or hinders vision.(v) To form mist.; To spray fine droplets on, particularly of water.; To cover with a mist.; To be covered by tears.; To disperse into a mist, accompanying operation of equipment at high speeds.(v) past tense of miss
MiST: (v) Alternative form of MST (to mock a work by inserting annotations)
mister: (n) A title conferred on an adult male, usually when the name is unknown. Also used as a term of address, often by a parent to a young child.(v) To address by the title of "mister".(n) Someone's business or function; an occupation, employment, trade.; A kind, type of.; Need (of something).; Necessity; the necessary time.(v) To be necessary; to matter.(n) A device that makes or sprays mist.
Mister: (n) General title or respect of an adult male.; Official title of a military man, usually anyone below rank of captain.; Official form of address of a president of a nation.; Formal address to any official of an organization.; A warrant officer or cadet in the United States Military Academy at West Point.; An informal title used before a nickname or other moniker.
mists: (n) plural of mist(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mist
MiSTs: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of MiST
misty: (aj) Covered in mist; foggy.; Dim; vague; obscure.; With tears in the eyes; dewy-eyed.
Misty: (N) A female given name from English, reasonably popular in the 1970s and the 1980s.; Diminutive of Melissa
misuse: (n) An incorrect, improper or unlawful use of something.(v) To use (something) incorrectly.; To abuse or mistreat (something or someone).; To rape (a woman); later more generally, to sexually abuse (someone).; To abuse verbally, to insult.
mite: (n) Any of many minute arachnids which, along with the ticks, comprise subclass Acarina (aka Acari).; A small coin formerly circulated in England, rated at about a third of a farthing.; A lepton, a small coin used in Palestine in the time of Christ.; A small weight; one twentieth of a grain.; Anything very small; a minute object; a very little quantity or particle.; A small or naughty person, or one people take pity on; rascal.(v) Eye dialect spelling of might.
miter: (v) Alternative form of mitre (“to unite at an angle of 45°”)(n) Alternative form of mitre
mites: (n) plural of mite
mither: (v) To make an unnecessary fuss, moan, bother.; To pester or irritate someone. Usually directed at children.(n) mother
mitis: (n) A process for producing malleable iron castings by melting wrought iron, to which from 0.05 to 0.1 per cent of aluminum is added to lower the melting point, usually in a petroleum furnace, keeping the molten metal at the bubbling point until it becomes quiet, and then pouring the molten metal into a mold lined with a special mixture consisting essentially of molasses and ground burnt fire clay.; The malleable iron produced by this technique.
mitises: (n) plural of mitis
mitre: (n) A covering for the head, worn on solemn occasions by church dignitaries, which has been made in many forms, mostly recently a tall cap with two points or peaks.; The surface forming the bevelled end or edge of a piece where a miter joint is made; also, a joint formed or a junction effected by two beveled ends or edges; a miter joint.; A 13th-century coin minted in Europe which circulated in Ireland as a debased counterfeit sterling penny, outlawed under Edward I.; A cap or cowl for a chimney or ventilation pipe.; A gusset in sewing, etc.; A square with one triangular quarter missing from the outside.(v) To adorn with a mitre.; To unite at an angle of 45°.
mitred: (aj) Wearing an abbot's or bishop's mitre.; Having a mitre joint.
mitres: (n) plural of mitre
mitt: (n) A mitten; An oversized, protective glove such as an oven mitt or a baseball mitt.; A hand.
mitten: (n) A type of glove or garment that covers a hand with a separate sheath for the thumb, but not for other fingers, which are either enclosed in a single section or left uncovered.; A cat's or dog's paw that is a different colour from the main body.; A romantic rejection; dismissal of a lover.; A boxing glove.(v) To dress in mittens; to put a mitten on.
mix: (v) To stir together.; To combine (items from two or more sources normally kept separate).; To form by mingling; to produce by the stirring together of ingredients; to concoct from different parts.; To blend by the use of a mixer (machine).; To combine (several tracks).; To produce a finished version of (a recording).; To unite with in company; to join; to associate.(n) The result of mixing two or more substances; a mixture.; The result of combining items normally kept separate.; The result of mixing several tracks.; The finished version of a recording.; A substance used to dilute or adulterate an illicit drug.
Mix: (N) A surname.; An unincorporated community in Pointe Coupee Parish, Louisiana, United States. From the surname.
mixed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of mix(aj) Having two or more separate aspects.; Not completely pure, tainted or adulterated.; Including both male(s) and female(s).; Stemming from two or more races or breeds
mixer: (n) One who, or a device that, mixes or merges things together.; One who mixes or socializes.; A machine outfitted with (typically blunt) blades with which it mixes or beats ingredients in a bowl below.; A non-alcoholic drink (such as lemonade, Coca-Cola or fruit juice) that is added to spirits to make cocktails.; A mixing console.; A dance or other social event meant to foster new acquaintances, as at the beginning of a school year.; Any of various social dances involving frequent changes of partners.; A device for combining hot and cold water before it emerges from a single spout or shower head.; A nonlinear electrical circuit that creates new frequencies from two signals applied to it.
Mixer: (N) A surname.
mixes: (n) plural of mix(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mix
mixing: (v) present participle of mix(n) The act, or the result of making a mixture.(aj) Of a stochastic process, to be asymptotically independent (in a precise mathematical sense).
mixt: (v) simple past tense and past participle of mix; archaic spelling of mixed.(aj) Archaic spelling of mixed.
Mizar: (N) A binary star in the constellation Ursa Major; Zeta (ζ) Ursae Majoris.
mizzen: (n) Mizzenmast.; A fore-and-aft sail set on a mizzenmast.(aj) Hindmost; nearest the stern.
mizzle: (v) To rain in very fine drops.(n) Misty rain or drizzle.(v) To abscond, scram, flee.; To yield.; To muddle or confuse. (Probably from a misreading of past tense/participle misled.)
mm: (i) Alternative form of mmm
mM: (n) millimole, millimoles
mneme: (n) Persisting effect of memory of past events.
Mneme: (N) One of the moons of Jupiter.
mo: (av) To a greater degree.; Further, longer.(aj) Greater in amount, quantity, or number (of discrete objects, as opposed to more, which was applied to substances)(n) Clipping of moment.(n) A homosexual.(aj) Alternative form of mo' (“more”)(n) A moustache.(n) A molester.(0) The cardinal number occurring after el gro el do el (↋↋↋) and before mo one (1001) in a duodecimal system. Written 1000, decimal value 1728.
MO: (N) Missouri, a state of the United States of America.; Altria Group; Modern Orthodox(n) Moderate Intellectual Disability, a disability often requiring special education services.; modus operandi; money order; medical officer (British army)
Mo: (N) A diminutive of the male given names Mohammed, Moses, Maurice, or Morris.; A diminutive of the female given names Marjorie or Maureen.(N) A Chinese surname, from Chinese.
moa: (n) Any of several species of large, extinct, flightless birds of the family Dinornithidae that were native to New Zealand; until its extinction, one species was the largest bird in the world.
moan: (n) a low, mournful cry of pain, sorrow or pleasure(v) To complain about; to bemoan, to bewail; to mourn.; To grieve.; To distress (someone); to sadden.; To make a moan or similar sound.; To say in a moan, or with a moaning voice.; To complain; to grumble.
moaned: (v) simple past tense and past participle of moan
moans: (n) plural of moan(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of moan
moat: (n) A deep, wide defensive ditch, normally filled with water, surrounding a fortified habitation.; An aspect of a business which makes it more "defensible" from competitors, either because of the nature of its products, services, franchise or other reason.; A circular lowland between a resurgent dome and the walls of the caldera surrounding it.; A hill or mound.(v) To surround with a moat.
Moat: (N) A surname.
moats: (n) plural of moat
Moats: (N) A surname.(N) plural of Moat
mob: (n) A large or disorderly group of people; especially one bent on riotous or destructive action.; The lower classes of a community; the rabble.; A group of animals such as horses or cattle.; A group of kangaroos.; A flock of emus.; A mafia: a group that engages in organized crime.; A non-player character, especially one that exists to be fought or killed to further the progression of the story or game.; A group of Aboriginal people associated with an extended family group, clan group or wider community group, from a particular place or country.(v) To crowd around (someone), sometimes with hostility.; To crowd into or around a place.(n) A promiscuous woman; a harlot or wench; a prostitute.; A mob cap.(v) To wrap up in, or cover with, a cowl.(n) mobile phone
Mob: (N) The Mafia: any particular mafia, mentioned uniquely within the discussion's established or implicit context, usually and especially the Sicilian–Italian–Italian-American one (especially in American English) but occasionally others (e.g., the Russian one, the Japanese one).; The masses, especially the 'great unwashed masses': the general population, or (yet more specifically) the rabble thereof, viewed as one mob of unruly, disorganized people predisposed to violence and malevolence.
mobbed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of mob(aj) Crowded
mobcap: (n) Alternative form of mob cap
mobile: (aj) Capable of being moved, especially on wheels.; Pertaining to or by agency of mobile phones.; Characterized by an extreme degree of fluidity; moving or flowing with great freedom.; Easily moved in feeling, purpose, or direction; excitable; changeable; fickle.; Changing in appearance and expression under the influence of the mind.; Capable of being moved, aroused, or excited; capable of spontaneous movement.(n) A kinetic sculpture or decorative arrangement made of items hanging so that they can move independently from each other.; Ellipsis of mobile phone; The internet accessed via mobile devices.; One who or moves, or who can move (e.g. to travel to a different place).
Mobile: (N) A city, the county seat of Mobile County, in southwestern Alabama.
mobs: (n) plural of mob(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mob
mocha: (n) A coffee drink with chocolate syrup added, or a serving thereof.; A coffee and chocolate mixed flavour.; A dark brown colour, like that of mocha coffee.; A strong Arabian coffee.; An Abyssinian weight, equivalent to a Troy grain.(aj) Of a dark brown colour, like that of mocha coffee.
Mocha: (N) A village in Gujarat, India.; A village in Madhya Pradesh, India.; A city in Ecuador.; A city in Yemen.; A female given name.; A surname.
mock: (n) An imitation, usually of lesser quality.; Mockery, the act of mocking.; A practice exam set by an educating institution to prepare students for an important exam.; A mockup or prototype.(v) To mimic, to simulate.; To create an artistic representation of.; To make fun of, especially by mimicking; to taunt.; To tantalise, and disappoint the hopes of.; To create a mockup or prototype of.(aj) Imitation, not genuine; fake.
Mock: (N) A surname.
mocked: (v) simple past tense and past participle of mock
mocks: (n) plural of mock(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mock
Mocks: (N) plural of Mock
mod: (n) An unconventionally modern style of fashionable dress originating in England in the 1960s, characterized by ankle-length black trenchcoats and sunglasses.; A 1960s British person who dressed in such a style and was interested in modernism and the modern music of the time; the opposite of a rocker.; Clipping of modification.; An end user-created package containing modifications to the look or behaviour of a video game.; A moderator, for example on a discussion forum.; A module (file containing a tracker music sequence).; A moderately difficult route.; Moderations: university examinations generally taken in the first year.(v) To modify (an object) from its original condition, typically for the purposes of individualizing and/or enhancing the performance of the object.; To moderate; to silence or punish (a rule-breaking user) on a forum, especially when done by a moderator.(n) A festival of Scottish Gaelic song, arts and culture, akin to the Welsh eisteddfod.
MoD: (N) Alternative form of MOD (“Ministry of Defence”)
modal: (aj) Of, or relating to a mode or modus.; Of, relating to, or describing the mood of a clause.; Of, relating to, or composed in the musical modi by which an octave is divided, associated with emotional moods in Ancient — and in medieval ecclesiastical — music.; Of, or relating to the modality between propositions.; Relating to the statistical mode.; Having separate modes in which user input has different effects.; Requiring immediate user interaction and thus presented so that it cannot be closed or interacted behind until a decision is made.; Relating to the form of a thing rather to any of its attributes.(n) A modal proposition.; A modal form, notably a modal auxiliary.; A modal verb.; A modal window, one that cannot be closed until a decision is made.
mode: (n) One of several ancient Greek scales.; One of several common scales in modern Western music, one of which corresponds to the modern major scale and one to the natural minor scale.; A particular means of accomplishing something.; A particular state of being, or frame of mind.; The most frequently occurring value in a distribution; A state of a system that is represented by an eigenfunction of that system.; One of various related sets of rules for processing data; more generally, any state of the system associated with certain behaviours.; A series of settings on a device used for a specific purpose.; A variation in gameplay, such as a difficulty level.; A verb form that depends on how its containing clause relates to the speaker’s or writer’s wish, intent, or assertion about reality.; That which exists only as a quality of substance.; In lace-making, a small decorative piece inserted into a pattern.; The openwork between the solid parts of a pattern.; A woman's mantle with a hood.(n) Style or fashion; popular trend.
model: (n) A person who serves as a subject for artwork or fashion, usually in the medium of photography but also for painting or drawing.; A person, usually an attractive female, hired to show items or goods to the public, such as items given away as prizes on a TV game show.; A representation of a physical object, usually in miniature.; A simplified representation used to explain the workings of a real world system or event.; A style, type, or design.; The structural design of a complex system.; A successful example to be copied, with or without modifications.; An interpretation function which assigns a truth value to each atomic proposition.; An interpretation which makes a set of sentences true, in which case that interpretation is called a model of that set.; An animal that is used to study a human disease or pathology.; Any copy, or resemblance, more or less exact.; In software applications using the model-view-controller design pattern, the part or parts of the application that manage the data.(aj) Worthy of being a model; exemplary.(v) to display for others to see, especially in regard to wearing clothing while performing the role of a fashion model; to use as an object in the creation of a forecast or model; to make a miniature model of; to create from a substance such as clay; to make a model or models; to be a model of any kind
models: (n) plural of model(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of model
modem: (n) A device that encodes digital computer signals into analog/analogue telephone signals and vice versa and allows computers to communicate over a phone line.(v) To transmit by modem.
modena: (n) A crimson colour.
Modena: (N) A province of Emilia-Romagna, Italy.; The capital city of Modena, Emilia-Romagna, Italy.
modenas: (n) plural of modena
moder: (v) to moderate
Moder: (N) A surname.
modern: (aj) Pertaining to a current or recent time and style; not ancient.; Pertaining to the modern period (c.1800 to contemporary times), particularly in academic historiography.(n) Someone who lives in modern times.
modes: (n) plural of mode
modest: (aj) Not bragging or boasting about oneself or one's achievements; unpretentious, humble.; Small, moderate in size.; Pure and delicate from a sense of propriety.; Intending to avoid the encouraging of sexual attraction in others.
modi: (n) plural of modus
Modi: (N) A script formerly used for writing the Marathi language.(N) A surname.; Narendra Modi, 14th Prime Minister of India.
modify: (v) To change part of.; To be or become modified.; To set bounds to; to moderate.; To qualify the meaning of.
modish: (aj) Conforming with fashion or style.; In the current mode.
module: (n) A self-contained component of a system, often interchangeable, which has a well-defined interface to the other components.; A standard unit of measure used for determining the proportions of a building.; A section of a program; a subroutine or group of subroutines.; A unit of education covering a single topic.; A pre-prepared adventure scenario with related materials for a role-playing game.; An abelian group equipped with the operation of multiplication by an element of a ring (or another of certain algebraic objects), representing a generalisation of the concept of vector space with scalar multiplication.; A fractal element.; A file containing a music sequence that can be played in a tracker (called also mod or music module).; A contrivance for regulating the supply of water from an irrigation channel.; An independent self-contained unit of a spacecraft.
modus: (n) The arrangement of, or mode of expressing, the terms of a contract or conveyance.; A qualification involving the idea of variation or departure from some general rule or form, in the way of either restriction or enlargement, according to the circumstances of the case, as in the will of a donor, an agreement between parties, etc.; A fixed compensation or equivalent given instead of payment of tithes in kind, expressed in full by the phrase modus decimandi.
moe: (n) Strong interest in, and especially fetishistic attraction towards, fictional characters in anime, manga, video games, and/or similar media.(av) Obsolete form of mo.; Obsolete form of more.(n) Obsolete form of mow (“wry face, grimace”).; Obsolete form of moa.(v) Obsolete form of moo.; Obsolete form of mow (“to make faces”).
Moe: (N) A surname., possibly formed by abbreviation of Moses or another name beginning with "Mo-".; A male given name; Diminutive of Moses and Maurice(N) A Japanese female given name from Japanese(N) A town in Victoria, Australia.
moes: (n) plural of moe
mog: (n) Synonym of moggy: a domestic cat, especially a non-pedigree or unremarkable one.(v) To move away; to go off.(v) To assert one's dominance over.
mogul: (n) A rich or powerful person; a magnate, nabob.(n) A hump or bump on a skiing piste.; A larger-sized (39 mm diameter) screw base used for large, high-power light bulbs, known as mogul (screw) base light bulbs.; A machine that forms shaped candies from syrups or gels.(v) To ski over a course of humps or bumps.
Mogul: (n) Alternative spelling of Moghul(N) A census-designated place in Washoe County, Nevada, United States.
mohair: (n) Yarn or fabric made from the hair of the angora goat, often as mixed with cotton or other materials.; The long, fine hair of the Angora goat.; An Angora goat.
Mohave: (n) A Native American people indigenous to the Colorado River in the Mojave Desert.(N) A Yuman language spoken by Mohave people of California and Arizona.
mohawk: (n) Alternative letter-case form of Mohawk
Mohawk: (n) A member of an indigenous people of North America originally from the Mohawk Valley in upstate New York to southern Quebec and eastern Ontario, the easternmost of the Iroquois Five Nations.; A hairstyle where both sides are shaved, with the hair along the crest of the head kept long, and usually styled so as to stand straight up.; A member of a gang (the Mohocks) that terrorized London in the early 18th century.(N) The Iroquoian language spoken by these North American indigenous people.; Mohawk River, the largest tributary of the Hudson River, New York.
Mohock: (n) Archaic form of Mohawk.
mohur: (n) A Persian gold coin.; A gold coin of British India, worth from twelve to fifteen rupees.
moi: (P) Me.
moiety: (n) A half.; A share or portion, especially a smaller share.; Each descent group in a culture which is divided exactly into two descent groups.; A specific segment of a molecule.
moil: (v) To toil, to work hard.; To churn continually; to swirl.; To defile or dirty.(n) Hard work.; Confusion, turmoil.; A spot; a defilement.(n) The glass circling the tip of a blowpipe or punty, such as the residual glass after detaching a blown vessel, or the lower part of a gather.; The excess material which adheres to the top, base, or rim of a glass object when it is cut or knocked off from a blowpipe or punty, or from the mold-filling process. Typically removed after annealing as part of the finishing process (e.g. scored and snapped off).; The metallic oxide from a blowpipe which has adhered to a glass object.
Moil: (N) Synonym of Ngan'gityemerri
moirai: (n) The three Fates, personifications of destiny.; One's own destiny; fate.
moire: (n) Originally, a fine textile fabric made of the hair of an Asiatic goat.; Any textile fabric to which a watered appearance is given.
moist: (aj) Characterized by the presence of moisture; not dry; slightly wet; damp.; Of eyes: wet with tears; tearful; also (obsolete), watery due to some illness or to old age.; Of a climate, the weather, etc.: damp, humid, rainy.; Of the vagina: sexually lubricated due to sexual arousal; of a woman: sexually aroused, turned on.; Characterized by the presence of some fluid such as mucus, pus, etc.; Of sounds of internal organs (especially as heard through a stethoscope): characterized by the sound of air bubbling through a fluid.; Pertaining to one of the four essential qualities formerly believed to be present in all things, characterized by wetness; also, having a significant amount of this quality.; Fluid, liquid, watery.; Bringing moisture or rain.(n) Moistness; also, moisture.(v) To make (something) moist or wet; to moisten.; To inspire, to refresh (someone); also, to soften (one's heart).; To rain lightly; to drizzle.; To have an effect of moistening or wetting.
Moist: (N) A surname.
Mojave: (n) Alternative form of Mohave(N) A census-designated place in Kern County, California, United States.
moke: (n) A donkey.; The mesh of a net, or of anything resembling a net.; A black person.; A performer, such as a minstrel, who plays on several musical instruments.; A stupid person; a dolt.
mol: (n) Alternative spelling of mole
mola: (n) A traditional textile art form of the Kuna people of Panama and Colombia, consisting of cloth panels to be worn on clothing, featuring complex designs made with multiple layers of cloth in a reverse appliqué technique.; A sunfish, Mola mola.
molal: (aj) Of or designating a solution that contains one mole of solute per 1000g of solvent
molar: (n) A back tooth having a broad surface used for grinding one's food.(aj) Of or relating to the molar teeth, or to grinding.(aj) Of, relating to, or being a solution containing one mole of solute per litre of solution.; Of or relating to a complete body of matter as distinct from its molecular or atomic constituents.(n) A unit of concentration equal to one mole per litre.
mold: (n) A hollow form or matrix for shaping a fluid or plastic substance.; A frame or model around or on which something is formed or shaped.; Something that is made in or shaped on a mold.; The shape or pattern of a mold.; General shape or form.; Distinctive character or type.; A fixed or restrictive pattern or form.; A group of moldings.; A fontanelle.(v) To shape in or on a mold; to form into a particular shape; to give shape to.; To guide or determine the growth or development of; influence; To fit closely by following the contours of.; To make a mold of or from (molten metal, for example) before casting.; To ornament with moldings.; To be shaped in or as if in a mold.(n) A natural substance in the form of a woolly or furry growth of tiny fungi that appears when organic material lies for a long time exposed to (usually warm and moist) air.(v) To cause to become moldy; to cause mold to grow upon.; To become moldy; to be covered or filled, in whole or in part, with a mold.(n) Loose friable soil, rich in humus and fit for planting.; Earth, ground.(v) To cover with mold or soil.(n) The top or crown of the head.
Mold: (N) A town in and the county town of Flintshire, Wales (OS grid ref SJ2364).; An unincorporated community in Douglas County, Washington, United States.; A surname.
molded: (v) simple past tense and past participle of mold
molder: (n) One who molds something into shape.; A person who makes molds.; A tool for making molds.; A machine for making molding.(v) US standard spelling of moulder.
Molder: (N) A surname.
molds: (n) plural of mold(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mold
moldy: (aj) Covered with mold.; Stale or musty.
mole: (n) A pigmented spot on the skin, a naevus, slightly raised, and sometimes hairy.(n) Any of several small, burrowing insectivores of the family Talpidae; also any of southern African mammals in the family Chrysochloridae (golden moles) and any of several Australian mammals in the family Notoryctidae (marsupial moles), similar to but unrelated to Talpidae moles; Any of the burrowing rodents also called mole rats.; An internal spy, a person who involves himself or herself with an enemy organisation, especially an intelligence or governmental organisation, to determine and betray its secrets from within.; A kind of self-propelled excavator used to form underground drains, or to clear underground pipelines; A type of underground drain used in farm fields, in which a mole plow creates an unlined channel through clay subsoil.(n) A moll, a bitch, a slut.(n) A massive structure, usually of stone, used as a pier, breakwater or junction between places separated by water.; A haven or harbour, protected with such a breakwater.; An Ancient Roman mausoleum.(n) In the International System of Units, the base unit of amount of substance; the amount of substance of a system which contains exactly 6.02214076×10²³ elementary entities (atoms, ions, molecules, etc.). Symbol: mol. The number of atoms is known as Avogadro’s number.(n) A hemorrhagic mass of tissue in the uterus caused by a dead ovum.(n) One of several spicy sauces typical of the cuisine of Mexico and neighboring Central America, especially the sauce which contains chocolate and which is used in cooking main dishes, not desserts.
Mole: (N) A river in Surrey, England, tributary to the Thames.; A river in Devon, England, tributary to the Taw.; A surname.
Molech: (N) Alternative form of Moloch
moled: (v) plural of mole
moles: (n) plural of mole
molest: (v) To annoy intentionally.; To disturb or tamper with.; To sexually assault or sexually harass (a minor).
moline: (n) The crossed iron that supports the upper millstone by resting on the spindle; a millrind.
Moline: (N) A surname.
moling: (v) plural of mole
moll: (n) A female companion of a gangster, especially a former or current prostitute.; A prostitute or woman with loose sexual morals.; Bitch, slut; an insulting epithet applied to a female.; A girlfriend of a bikie.; A girlfriend of a surfie; blends with pejorative sense.; A female fan of extreme metal, grunge or hardcore punk, especially the girlfriend of a musician of those aforementioned genres.(aj) minor; in the minor mode
Moll: (N) A pet name for Mary.
molly: (n) A woman or girl, especially of low status.; An effeminate male, a male homosexual.; Pure MDMA powder.; A mollemoke.; A female cat, a she-cat (usually spayed); A bird, the wagtail.; A molly bolt.(v) To engage in (male) homosexual activity with.(n) A fish of the genus Poecilia, except for those known as guppies.(n) Alternative spelling of mali (“a member of a caste in South Asia whose traditional occupation is gardening; hence, any South Asian gardener”).
Molly: (N) A diminutive of Mary or, less often, Margaret.; A female given name from Hebrew.(n) The crystalline or powdered form of MDMA.; A Molly Maguire.
moloch: (n) Moloch horridus, an Australian lizard thought to be the sole member of the genus Moloch.
Moloch: (N) An ancient Ammonite deity worshiped by the Canaanites, Phoenician and related cultures in North Africa and the Levant.; A person or thing demanding or requiring a very costly sacrifice.
molt: (v) US standard spelling of moult.(n) US standard spelling of moult.(v) simple past tense of melt
molten: (aj) Melted.; Made from a melted substance.; Glowing red-hot.(v) past participle of melt
moly: (n) A magic herb or plant used by Odysseus to overcome Circe.; Any plant associated with the mythological moly, especially the European allium, Allium moly.(n) molybdenum; molybdenum grease
molys: (n) plural of moly
mom: (n) Mother.; An adult female owner of a pet.(v) To care for in a motherly way.
Mom: (N) One's mother.(N) A surname, from Khmer.
moment: (n) A brief, unspecified amount of time.; The smallest portion of time; an instant.; Weight or importance.; The turning effect of a force applied to a rotational system at a distance from the axis of rotation.; A definite period of time, specifically one-tenth of a point, or one-fortieth or one-fiftieth of an hour.; A petit mal episode; such a spell.; A fit; a brief tantrum.; An infinitesimal change in a varying quantity; an increment or decrement.; A quantitative measure of the shape of a set of points.
Moment: (N) A surname.
Momi: (n) plural Momus
momism: (n) Finding fault; carping.(n) Excessive attachment to one’s mother.; An utterance, piece of advice, etc. from one's mother.
momma: (n) mother; A voluptuous woman.; One's wife or girlfriend.
Momus: (N) The personification of satire and mockery.
Momuses: (n) plural Momus
mon: (n) The former currency of Japan until 1870, before the yen.; The badge or emblem of a Japanese family, especially a family of the ancient feudal nobility; typically circular and consists of conventionalized forms from nature.(n) A colloquial means of address of man in places such as Jamaica and Shropshire in England.(n) A creature in a video game, usually one which is captured, trained up and used in battles.; A video game or anime in which catching and battling creatures is an important element.
Mon: (n) A member of a people living primarily in the Mon State of Myanmar (also known as Burma), and in Thailand.(N) The language of this people, in the Austroasiatic language family.
Monaco: (N) A city-state in Western Europe. Official name: Principality of Monaco.
monad: (n) An ultimate atom, or simple, unextended point; something ultimate and indivisible.; A single individual (such as a pollen grain) that is free from others, not united in a group.; A single-celled organism.; A monoid object in the category of endofunctors of a fixed category.; A data type which represents a specific form of computation, along with the operations "return" and "bind".
Monday: (n) The second day of the week in many religious traditions, and the first day of the week in systems using the ISO 8601 norm. It follows Sunday and precedes Tuesday.(av) on Monday
monde: (n) A ball-like object, located near the top of a crown, symbolizing the globe.
mondo: (n) A dialogue between master and student designed to obtain an intuitive truth.(aj) Big, large; major, significant.(av) Very, extremely, really.
Monet: (n) A work by Claude Monet.(N) Claude Monet, French painter.
moneth: (n) Obsolete spelling of month
money: (n) A legally or socially binding conceptual contract of entitlement to wealth, void of intrinsic value, payable for all debts and taxes, and regulated in supply.; A generally accepted means of exchange and measure of value.; A currency maintained by a state or other entity which can guarantee its value (such as a monetary union).; Hard cash in the form of banknotes and coins, as opposed to cheques/checks, credit cards, or credit more generally.; The total value of liquid assets available for an individual or other economic unit, such as cash and bank deposits.; Wealth; a person, family or class that possesses wealth; An item of value between two or more parties used for the exchange of goods or services.; A person who funds an operation.
Money: (N) A surname.; A community in Mississippi
moneys: (n) plural of money (used in the sense of plural of coins and bills, often with humorous intention); plural of money (used in the sense of plural of currency) Multiple currencies; Collectively money
Moneys: (N) plural of Money
mong: (n) A mingling, mixture, or crowd.; A muddle or confusion.(n) A mongrel dog.(n) A person with Down's syndrome.; A stupid person.(p) Alternative form of 'mong.(n) Alternative form of mueang
Mong: (N) A surname.
monger: (n) A dealer in a specific commodity.; A person promoting something undesirable.; A small sea vessel.; Clipping of whoremonger.(v) To sell or peddle something; To promote something undesirable.
Monger: (N) A surname.
mongo: (n) Still-usable things salvaged (by sanmen) from garbage.
Mongo: (N) A Bantu language spoken in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
mongol: (n) Alternative letter-case form of Mongol (“person with Down's syndrome”).
Mongol: (n) A person from Mongolia; a Mongolian.; A member of any of the various Mongol ethnic groups living in The Mongolian People's Republic, the (former) USSR, Tibet and Nepal.; (usually mongol) A person with Down's syndrome.; A member of the nomadic people from the steppes of central Asia who invaded Europe in the 13th Century.; A member of the Mongols Motorcycle Club of California, United States.(N) A Keram language spoken in Papua New Guinea (also known by its native name Mwakai).
monied: (aj) affluent; rich; paid for; funded
monies: (n) A plural of money; plural of mony
monism: (n) The doctrine of the oneness and unity of reality, despite the appearance of diversity in the world.
monk: (n) A male member of a monastic order who has devoted his life for religious service.; in earlier usage, an eremite or hermit devoted to solitude, as opposed to a cenobite, who lived communally.; A male who leads an isolated life; a loner, a hermit.; An unmarried man who does not have sexual relationships.; A judge.; A blotch or spot of ink on a printed page, caused by the ink not being properly distributed; distinguished from a friar, or white spot caused by a deficiency of ink.; A piece of tinder made of agaric, used in firing the powder hose or train of a mine.; A South American monkey (Pithecia monachus); also applied to other species, as Cebus xanthosternos.; The bullfinch, common bullfinch, European bullfinch, or Eurasian bullfinch (Pyrrhula pyrrhula).; The monkfish.; A fuse for firing mines.(v) To be a monk.; To act like a monk; especially to be contemplative.; To monkey or meddle; to behave in a manner that is not systematic.; To be intoxicated or confused.; To be attached in a way that sticks out.(n) A monkey.
Monk: (N) A surname.
monkey: (n) Any member of the clade Simiiformes not also of the clade Hominoidea containing humans and apes, from which they are usually, but not universally, distinguished by smaller size, a tail, and cheek pouches.; Any nonhuman simian primate, including apes.; A mischievous child.; A dance move popular in the 1960s.; Five hundred pounds sterling; (US, dated) five hundred dollars.; A person or the role of the person on the sidecar platform of a motorcycle involved in sidecar racing.; A person with minimal intelligence and/or an unattractive appearance; A face card.; A menial employee who does a repetitive job, as in code monkey, grease monkey, phone monkey, powder monkey.; The weight or hammer of a pile driver; a heavy mass of iron, which, being raised high, falls on the head of the pile, and drives it into the earth; the falling weight of a drop hammer used in forging.; A small trading vessel of the sixteenth century.; A drug habit; an addiction; a compulsion.; A fluid consisting of hydrochloric acid and zinc, used in the process of soldering.; A person's temper, said to be "up" when they are angry.; A black person.(v) To meddle; to mess (with).; To mimic; to ape.
Monkey: (N) The ninth of the 12-year cycle of animals which appear in the Chinese zodiac related to the Chinese calendar.
monks: (n) plural of monk(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of monk
Monks: (N) A surname.(N) plural of Monk
mono: (n) Clipping of mononucleosis.(n) A bicycle or motorcycle trick where the front wheel is lifted off the ground while riding(aj) Monaural or monophonic; having only a single audio channel.(aj) Monochrome.(aj) Monoamorous, monogamous.(n) A monogamous person.(aj) Monosexual.
Mono: (n) An American Indian people of the central Sierra Nevada and neighboring Great Basin lands to the east in California.; An ethnic group from the Congo.(N) The Numic language of the Mono people of California.; The language of the Mono people of the Congo.; A county of California, United States, see Mono County.; An alkaline desert lake, Mono Lake, in this county that has a unique ecosystem.; A town in Ontario.; An island in the Solomon Islands.; A river in Togo.
monody: (n) An ode, as in Greek drama, for a single voice, often specifically a mournful song or dirge.; Any poem mourning the death of someone; an elegy.; A monotonous or mournful noise.; A composition having a single melodic line.
Monroe: (N) A Scottish topographic surname, from Scottish Gaelic from Gaelic words meaning "foot of a hill"; A settlement in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.; A townland in County Meath, Ireland.; Any of a number of places in the United States, including:; The former name of an unincorporated community in Mendocino County, California, now Hales Grove.; Any of a number of places in the United States, including:; A town in Fairfield County, Connecticut.; Any of a number of places in the United States, including:; A city, the county seat of Walton County, Georgia.; Any of a number of places in the United States, including:; A small town in Adams County, Indiana.; Any of a number of places in the United States, including:; A small unincorporated community in Tippecanoe County, Indiana.; Any of a number of places in the United States, including:; A small city in Jasper County, Iowa.; Any of a number of places in the United States, including:; An unincorporated community in Hart County, Kentucky.; Any of a number of places in the United States, including:; A sizable city, the parish seat of Ouachita Parish, Louisiana.; Any of a number of places in the United States, including:; A town in Waldo County, Maine.; Any of a number of places in the United States, including:; A small town in Franklin County, Massachusetts.; Any of a number of places in the United States, including:; A city, the county seat of Monroe County, Michigan; Any of a number of places in the United States, including:; A village in Platte County, Nebraska.; Any of a number of places in the United States, including:; A small town in Grafton County, New Hampshire.; Any of a number of places in the United States, including:; A sizable town and village in Orange County, New York.; Any of a number of places in the United States, including:; A city, the county seat of Union County, North Carolina.; Any of a number of places in the United States, including:; A city in Warren County and Butler County, Ohio.; Any of a number of places in the United States, including:; An unincorporated community in Jackson County, Ohio.; Any of a number of places in the United States, including:; A small unincorporated community in Le Flore County, Oklahoma.; Any of a number of places in the United States, including:; A small city in Benton County, Oregon.; Any of a number of places in the United States, including:; A borough of Bradford County, Pennsylvania.; Any of a number of places in the United States, including:; A small town in Turner County, South Dakota.; Any of a number of places in the United States, including:; An unincorporated community in Overton County, Tennessee.; Any of a number of places in the United States, including:; A small city in Sevier County, Utah.; Any of a number of places in the United States, including:; An unincorporated community in Amherst County, Virginia.; Any of a number of places in the United States, including:; A city in Snohomish County, Washington.; Any of a number of places in the United States, including:; A small town in Adams County, Wisconsin.; Any of a number of places in the United States, including:; A town and city, the county seat of Green County, Wisconsin.; A unisex given name transferred from the surname.
mons: (n) One of the fleshy areas at the base of the fingers; a mount.; The pubic mound or mons pubis. In human anatomy or in mammals in general, the mons pubis (Latin for "pubic mound"), also known as the mons veneris (Latin, mound of Venus) or simply the mons, is the adipose tissue lying above the pubic bone of adult females, anterior to the pubic symphysis. The mons pubis forms the anterior portion of the vulva.; A mountain or extinct volcano on a planet or a moon.
Mons: (N) A city, the capital of the province of Hainaut, Belgium.(N) A diminutive of the female given name Monica; A diminutive of the male given name Montgomery
monte: (n) A game in which three or four cards are dealt face-up and players bet on which of them will first be matched in suit by others dealt.; A wood or forest; timberland.
Monte: (N) A surname.
montes: (n) plural of mons; plural of monte
Montes: (N) A surname, from Spanish.
month: (n) A period into which a year is divided, historically based on the phases of the moon.; A period of 30 days, 31 days, or some alternation thereof.; A woman's period; menstrual discharge.
months: (n) plural of month(n) A woman's period; menstrual discharge.
montre: (n) An organ stop, usually the open diapason, having its pipes on display as part of the organ case, or otherwise specially mounted.; A hole in the wall of a pottery kiln, by which the state of the pieces inside can be judged.
mony: (n) Obsolete form of money.
moo: (n) The characteristic lowing sound made by cattle.; A foolish woman.(v) Of a cow or bull, to make its characteristic lowing sound.(i) The characteristic sound made by a cow or bull.
Moo: (N) A surname.
mooch: (v) To wander around aimlessly, often causing irritation to others.; To beg, cadge, or sponge; to exploit or take advantage of others for personal gain.; To steal or filch.(n) An aimless stroll.; One who mooches; a moocher.; A unit of time comprising ten days, used to measure how long someone holds a job.
mood: (n) A mental or emotional state, composure.; Emotional character (of a work of music, literature, or other art).; A sullen, gloomy or angry mental state; a bad mood.; A disposition to do something, a state of mind receptive or disposed to do something.; A prevalent atmosphere, attitude, or feeling.; A familiar, relatable feeling, experience, or thing.(n) A verb form that depends on how its containing clause relates to the speaker’s or writer’s wish, intent, or assertion about reality.
moodied: (v) plural of moody
moodies: (v) plural of moody
moods: (n) plural of mood
moody: (aj) Given to sudden or frequent changes of mind; temperamental.; Sulky or depressed.; Dour, gloomy or brooding.; dodgy or stolen.
Moody: (N) A surname.
moodying: (v) plural of moody
moolah: (n) Archaic form of mullah.(n) Alternative spelling of moola
moon: (N) Alternative letter-case form of Moon (“the Earth's only permanent natural satellite”).(n) Any natural satellite of a planet.; A month, particularly a lunar month.; A representation of the moon, usually as a crescent or as a circle with a face; a crescent-shaped shape, symbol, or object.; A crescent-like outwork in a fortification.; The eighteenth trump/major arcana card of the Tarot.; The thirty-second Lenormand card.; In hearts, the action of taking all the point cards in one hand.(v) To display one's buttocks to, typically as a jest, insult, or protest.; To gaze at lovingly or in adoration.; (usually followed by over or after) To fuss over something adoringly; to be infatuated with someone.; To spend time idly, absent-mindedly.; To expose to the rays of the Moon.; To adorn with moons or crescents.; To rise in price rapidly.; To shoot the moon.
Moon: (N) The Earth's moon; the sole natural satellite of the Earth, represented in astronomy and astrology by ☾.; A personification of the moon.; A surname.; The 54th sura (chapter) of the Qur'an.
mooned: (v) simple past tense and past participle of moon(aj) Of or resembling the moon; symbolized by the moon.
moons: (n) plural of moon(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of moon
moony: (aj) Resembling the moon.; Moonlit.; Absent-minded.; Silly; sentimental; mooning over something.; Sickly or tipsy.(n) The act of mooning, flashing the buttocks.; A silly person.
moor: (n) An extensive waste covered with patches of heath, and having a poor, light soil, but sometimes marshy, and abounding in peat; a heath; A game preserve consisting of moorland.(v) To cast anchor or become fastened.; To fix or secure (e.g. a vessel) in a particular place by casting anchor, or by fastening with ropes, cables or chains or the like.; To secure or fix firmly.
Moor: (n) A member of an ancient Berber people from Mauretania.; A member of an Islamic people of Arab or Berber origin ruling Spain and parts of North Africa from the 8th to the 15th centuries.; A Muslim or a person from the Middle East or Africa.; A person of mixed Arab and Berber ancestry inhabiting the Mediterranean coastline of northwest Africa.; A person of an ethnic group speaking the Hassaniya language, mainly inhabiting Western Sahara, Mauritania, and parts of neighbouring countries (Morocco, Mali, Senegal etc.).(N) A surname.; A surname, from Irish.; A surname.; A English surname, from given names.
Moore: (N) Many toponymic place names, or parts of place names, derived from moor.; A village in Halton borough, Cheshire, England (OS grid ref SJ5784).; An English and Irish surname similarly derived.; A number of places with their names taken from the surname:; A rural town and locality in Somerset Region, Queensland, Australia.; A number of places with their names taken from the surname:; A number of places in the United States; Alternative spelling of More (“a Volta-Congo language”).
moored: (v) simple past tense and past participle of moor
moors: (n) plural of moor(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of moor
Moors: (N) Hindustani; Urdu.(n) plural of Moor(N) A surname.; A surname, from Irish.; A surname.; A English surname, from given names.
moose: (n) The largest member of the deer family (Alces americanus, sometimes included in Alces alces), of which the male has very large, palmate antlers.; An ugly person.(n) An Asian girl taken as a lover.
Moose: (n) A Muslim.
moot: (aj) Subject to discussion (originally at a moot); arguable, debatable, unsolved or impossible to solve.; Being an exercise of thought; academic.; Having no practical impact or relevance.(n) A moot court.; A system of arbitration in many areas of Africa in which the primary goal is to settle a dispute and reintegrate adversaries into society rather than assess penalties.; A gathering of Rovers, usually in the form of a camp lasting 2 weeks.; A social gathering of pagans, normally held in a public house.; An assembly (usually for decision-making in a locality).; A ring for gauging wooden pins.(v) To bring up as a subject for debate, to propose.; To discuss or debate.; To make or declare irrelevant.; To argue or plead in a supposed case.; To talk or speak.; To say, utter, also insinuate.(n) A whisper, or an insinuation, also gossip or rumors.; Talk.(n) Vagina.(n) The stump of a tree; the roots and bottom end of a felled tree.(v) To take root and begin to grow.; To turn up soil or dig up roots, especially an animal with the snout.
mooted: (aj) Made, or proven to be, moot.(v) simple past tense and past participle of moot
mop: (n) An implement for washing floors or similar, made of a piece of cloth, or a collection of thrums, or coarse yarn, fastened to a handle.; A wash with a mop; the act of mopping.; A dense head of hair.; A fair where servants are hired.; The young of any animal.; A young girl; a moppet.; A made-up face; a grimace.; A firearm particularly if it has a large magazine (compare broom, but still can be related to MP)(v) To rub, scrub, clean or wipe with a mop, or as if with a mop.; To make a wry expression with the mouth.; To shoplift.
MoP: (n) Alternative letter-case form of MOP (“means of production”); Alternative letter-case form of MOP (“mode of production”)
mope: (v) To carry oneself in a depressed, lackadaisical manner; to give oneself up to low spirits; to pout, sulk.; To make spiritless and stupid.(n) The act of moping; A dull, spiritless person.; A bottom feeder who "mopes" around a pornography studio hoping for his big break and often does bit parts in exchange for room and board and meager pay.
moped: (v) simple past tense and past participle of mope(aj) Melancholic, dejected.(n) A lightweight, two-wheeled vehicle equipped with a small motor and pedals, designed to go no faster than some specified speed limit.
mopes: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mope
mopey: (aj) Given to moping; in a depressed condition, low in spirits; lackadaisical.
moping: (v) present participle of mope(n) The act of one who mopes.
mopped: (v) simple past tense and past participle of mop
moppet: (n) A child. Often used lovingly or in an affectionate way.; A rag baby; a puppet made of cloth.; A long-haired pet dog.
MOR: (n) A mid-ocean ridge: a submarine volcanic mountain range.
Mor: (N) A surname.
mora: (n) A delay in bringing a claim.; A unit used to measure lines and stanzas of poetry.; A unit of syllable weight used in phonology, by which stress, foot structure, or timing of utterance is determined in some languages (e.g. Japanese).(n) Any tree of the genus Mora of large South American trees.(n) The common mora (Mora moro).(n) Alternative form of morra (finger-counting game)(n) An ancient Spartan military unit of about a sixth of the Spartan army, typically composed of hoplites.
Mora: (N) A female given name; A city, the county seat of Kanabec County, Minnesota, United States. Named after Mora, Sweden, see also Swedish Mora.; A census-designated place, the county seat of Mora County, New Mexico, United States.(N) bioresonance therapy
moral: (aj) Of or relating to principles of right and wrong in behaviour, especially for teaching right behaviour.; Conforming to a standard of right behaviour; sanctioned by or operative on one's conscience or ethical judgment.; Capable of right and wrong action.; Probable but not proved.; Positively affecting the mind, confidence, or will.(n) The ethical significance or practical lesson.; Moral practices or teachings: modes of conduct.; A morality play.; A moral certainty.; An exact counterpart.(v) To moralize.
Moral: (N) A surname, from Spanish.
morale: (n) The capacity of people to maintain belief in an institution or a goal, or even in oneself and others.
morals: (n) plural of moral
Morals: (N) plural of Moral
morass: (n) A tract of soft, wet ground; a marsh; a fen.; Anything that entraps or makes progress difficult.
moray: (n) Any of the large cosmopolitan carnivorous eels of the family Muraenidae.
Moray: (N) A historical county in northern Scotland, absorbed into Grampian Region in 1975.; A local government district in Grampian Region from 1975 until Grampian Region's abolition in 1996.; A council area of Scotland, one of 32 created in 1996.; An unincorporated community in Doniphan County, Kansas, United States.
morbid: (aj) Of, or relating to disease.; Taking an interest in unhealthy or unwholesome subjects such as death, decay, disease.; Suggesting the horror of death; macabre or ghoulish.; Grisly or gruesome.
more: (d) comparative degree of many: in greater number. (Used for a discrete quantity.); comparative degree of much: in greater quantity, amount, or proportion. (Used for a continuous quantity.); Additional; further.; Bigger, stronger, or more valuable.(av) To a greater degree or extent.; Used to form the comparative form of adjectives and adverbs.; In negative constructions: any further, any longer; any more.; Used in addition to an inflected comparative form.(P) A greater number or quantity (of something).; An extra or additional quantity (of something).(n) A carrot; a parsnip.; A root; stock.; A plant; flower; shrub.(v) To root up.
More: (N) The Volta-Congo language of the Mossi people, mainly spoken in part of Burkina Faso.(N) A surname, from Scottish Gaelic.
moreen: (n) A thick woollen fabric, watered or with embossed figures, used in upholstery, for curtains, etc.
morel: (n) Any of several edible mushrooms, especially the common morel or yellow morel.; Any of several fungi in the genus Morchella, the upper part of which is covered with a reticulated and pitted hymenium.(n) Archaic form of morello (“type of cherry”).
Morel: (N) A surname.
mores: (n) A set of moral norms or customs derived from generally accepted practices rather than written laws.(n) plural of more(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of more
Mores: (N) plural of More
morgan: (n) A unit for expressing the relative distance between genes on a chromosome.
Morgan: (N) A unisex given name; A male or female given name from Old Welsh Morcant, possibly from mor (“sea”) (Welsh môr) or maur (“great”) + [Term?] (“circle”) (Welsh cant), meaning “great chief” or “sea chief”.; A unisex given name; A male given name from Irish, an adopted anglicization of Murchadh (Murrough).; A unisex given name; A female given name from Old Welsh Morgen, from mor (“sea”) (Welsh môr) + *gen (“birth”) (Proto-Celtic *genos), meaning “sea-born.” The name of Morgan le Fay. Cognate with Old Irish Muirgen.; A surname.; A Welsh patronymic surname, from Welsh.; A surname.; An Irish patronymic surname, from Irish, an anglicization of Morgán, itself from the Welsh name.; A surname.; An Irish surname, from Irish, a variant anglicization of Ó Muireagáin (Merrigan).; A surname.; An Irish surname, from Irish, an adopted anglicization of Ó Murcháin (Morahan).; A placename.; A town in South Australia, Australia; named for William Morgan, 14th Premier of South Australia.; A placename.; An unincorporated community in Ontario, Canada.; A placename.; A locale in the United States.; Ellipsis of Morgan le Fay(n) A horse of a compact breed from Vermont; named for Justin Morgan, owner of the stud from which the breed originated.; A British sports car manufacturer; named for founder H. F. S. Morgan.
morgen: (n) A unit of measurement of land in the Netherlands and the Dutch colonies and parts of the United States, where it was equivalent to about two acres; and in Denmark, Norway, and Germany, where it was equivalent to about two-thirds of an acre. Now used informally in Germany to mean one quarter of a hectare.
Morgen: (N) A surname, from German.
morgue: (n) A supercilious or haughty attitude; arrogance.; A building or room where dead bodies are kept before their proper burial or cremation, (now) particularly in legal and law enforcement contexts.; The archive and background information division of a newspaper.
morion: (n) A kind of open brimmed helmet used by footsoldiers in the 16th and 17th centuries, having no visor or bevor.(n) A brown or black variety of quartz.
Morley: (N) Any of various places in England:; A village and civil parish in Erewash district, Derbyshire (OS grid ref SK3943).; Any of various places in England:; A civil parish in South Norfolk district, Norfolk.; Any of various places in England:; A market town in the Metropolitan Borough of Leeds, West Yorkshire (OS grid ref SD2628).; A habitational surname, from Old English.
mormon: (n) Any of various dark-coloured Asian species of papilionid butterflies of the genus Papilio.
Mormon: (N) In Mormonism, an ancient American prophet who compiled the Book of Mormon.(n) A person who believes in the Mormon religion, which worships Elohim, views Joseph Smith as his prophet and has the Bible and the Book of Mormon as its main scriptures.(aj) Of, or pertaining to, the faith established by Joseph Smith, Jr.
morn: (n) Morning.
mornay: (aj) Served with a white sauce containing cheese.
mornays: (n) plural of mornay
morne: (n) Obsolete spelling of mourn; Obsolete spelling of morn(v) Obsolete spelling of mourn(n) The blunt head of a jousting-lance.; A small, rounded hill.
Moro: (N) A Heiban language spoken in the Nuba Mountains of Kordofan, Sudan.(n) A Muslim inhabitant of the Philippines(N) A small city, the county seat of Sherman County, Oregon, United States.
moron: (n) A stupid person; an idiot; a fool.; A person of mild mental subnormality in the former classification of mental retardation, having an intelligence quotient of 50–70.
Moron: (N) A commune in southwestern Haiti.
morose: (aj) Sullen, gloomy; showing a brooding ill humour.
morph: (n) A physical form representing some morpheme in language. It is a recurrent distinctive sound or sequence of sounds.; An allomorph: one of a set of realizations that a morpheme can have in different contexts.(n) A variety of a species, distinguishable from other individuals of the species by morphology or behaviour.(v) To change shape, from one form to another, through computer animation.; To shapeshift.; To undergo dramatic change in a seamless and barely noticeable fashion.(n) A computer-generated gradual change from one image to another.(n) morphine
morris: (n) A type of pike.; A morris dance.(v) To perform morris dancing.(n) A marine fish with a very slender, flat, transparent body, now generally believed to be the young of the conger eel or some allied fish.
Morris: (N) A male given name; A male given name from Old French, a medieval form of French Maurice.; A male given name; A male given name transferred from the surname.; A surname.; An English and Scottish patronymic surname, from given names.; A surname.; An Irish surname, from Irish, an anglicization of Irish Ó Muirghis (“descendant of Maurice”).; A surname.; A Welsh patronymic surname, from Welsh, an anglicization of Welsh Meurig (“Maurice”).; A placename; A town in Manitoba, Canada; named for Canadian politician Alexander Morris.; A placename; A town in Alabama, United States; named for early pioneer Mae Morris.; A placename; A town in Connecticut, United States; named for Revolutionary War officer James Morris III.; A placename; An unincorporated community in Georgia, United States; named for James Morris, a son of a railroad agent.; A placename; A city, the county seat of Grundy County, Illinois, United States.; A placename; An unincorporated community in Indiana, United States.; A placename; A city, the county seat of Stevens County, Minnesota, United States; named for railroad official Charles A. Morris.; A placename; A town and village in New York, United States; named for Gen. Jacob Morris, son of Declaration of Independence signatory Lewis Morris.; A placename; A city in Oklahoma, United States.; A placename; An unincorporated community in Pennsylvania, United States.; A placename; An unincorporated community in Nicholas County, West Virginia, United States; named for a local family.; A placename; A ghost town in Kanawha County, West Virginia, United States.; A placename; A town in Wisconsin, United States.; A type of folk dance originating in England.; A former make of British motor car.
morrow: (n) The next or following day.; Morning.(v) To dawn
Morrow: (N) A Scottish surname.; An unincorporated community in Washington County, Arkansas.; A city in Clayton County, Georgia.; An unincorporated community and locality in St. Landry Parish, Louisiana.; A village in Warren County, Ohio.
Mors: (N) The god and personification of death; the Roman counterpart of Thanatos.; An island in the Limfjord, Jutland, Denmark.
MORs: (n) plural of MOR
morse: (n) A clasp or fastening used to fasten a cope in the front, usually decorative.(n) A walrus.
Morse: (N) A surname, from given names, variant of Morris, from the given name Maurice.; A town in Saskatchewan, Canada.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Stark County, Illinois.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Johnson County, Iowa.; A number of places in the United States:; A village in Acadia Parish, Louisiana.; A number of places in the United States:; A census-designated place in Hansford County, Texas.; A number of places in the United States:; A town in Ashland County, Wisconsin.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Gordon, Ashland County, Wisconsin.; A number of places in the United States:; Two townships in Minnesota.(n) Clipping of Morse code.(v) To transmit by Morse code.
morsel: (n) A small fragment or share of something, commonly applied to food.; A mouthful of food.; A very small amount.
morseled: (v) plural of morsel
morseling: (v) plural of morsel
morselled: (v) plural of morsel
mort: (n) Death; especially, the death of game in hunting.; A note sounded on a horn at the death of a deer.; The skin of a sheep or lamb that has died of disease.; A variety of dummy whist for three players.; The exposed or dummy hand of cards in the game of mort.(n) A great quantity or number.(n) A player in a multi-user dungeon who does not have special administrator privileges and whose character can be killed.(n) A three-year-old salmon.(n) A woman; a female.
Mort: (N) A surname.; A diminutive of the male given names Mortimer and Morton.
mortal: (aj) Susceptible to death by aging, sickness, injury, or wound; not immortal.; Causing death; deadly, fatal, killing, lethal (now only of wounds, injuries etc.).; Punishable by death.; Fatally vulnerable.; Of or relating to the time of death.; Affecting as if with power to kill; deathly.; Human; belonging or pertaining to people who are mortal.; Very painful or tedious; wearisome.; Very drunk; wasted; smashed.; Of a sin: involving the penalty of spiritual death, rather than merely venial.(n) A human; someone susceptible to death.(av) Mortally; enough to cause death.
mortar: (n) A mixture of lime or cement, sand and water used for bonding building blocks.; A muzzle-loading, indirect fire weapon with a tube length of 10 to 20 calibers and designed to lob shells at very steep trajectories.; A hollow vessel used to pound, crush, rub, grind or mix ingredients with a pestle.; In paper milling, a trough in which material is hammered.(v) To use mortar or plaster to join two things together.; To pound in a mortar.; To fire a mortar (weapon).; To attack (someone or something) using a mortar (weapon).
morts: (n) plural of mort
Morts: (N) plural of Mort
morula: (n) A spherical mass of blastomeres that forms following the splitting of a zygote; it becomes the blastula
mosaic: (n) A piece of artwork created by placing colored squares (usually tiles) in a pattern so as to create a picture.; pixelization (method of censorship); An individual composed of two or more cell lines of different genetic or chromosomal constitution, but from the same zygote.; Any of several viral diseases that cause mosaic-like patterns to appear on leaves.; A composite picture made from overlapping photographs.(aj) Containing cells of varying genetic constitution.(v) To arrange in a mosaic.
Mosaic: (aj) Pertaining to Moses, or the writings and traditions attributed to him.
Moses: (N) The pharaonic patriarch who led the slaved Hebrews out of Egypt, the brother of Aaron and Miriam described in the Book of Exodus and the Quran.; A male given name from Hebrew.; A surname, from given names.; A dialect of the Columbia-Wenatchi language; pseudonym for Harriet Tubman(n) A large flatboat used in the West Indies for taking freight from shore to ship.(i) An exclamation of shock.
mosey: (v) To set off, get going; to start a journey.; To go off quickly: to hurry up.; To amble; to walk or proceed in a leisurely manner.
Mosey: (N) A surname.
Moskva: (N) A river in Russia, a tributary of the Oka.; Alternative form of Moscow, the federal city, the capital of Russia.; Alternative form of Moscow, an oblast of Russia, surrounding the city of Moscow.
Moslem: (n) Dated spelling of Muslim.(aj) Dated spelling of Muslim.
mosque: (n) A place of worship for Muslims, often having at least one minaret; a masjid.
moss: (n) Any of various small, green, seedless plants growing on the ground or on the surfaces of trees, stones, etc.; now specifically, a plant of the phylum Bryophyta (formerly division Musci).; A kind or species of such plants.; Any alga, lichen, bryophyte, or other plant of seemingly simple structure.; A bog; a fen.(v) To become covered with moss.; To cover (something) with moss.
Moss: (N) A surname.; A village and civil parish (served by Moss and District Parish Council) in the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England (OS grid ref SE5914).
mosses: (n) plural of moss(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of moss
mossy: (aj) Covered in or overgrown with moss.(n) Alternative form of mossie (“mosquito”)
most: (d) superlative degree of much.; superlative degree of many: the comparatively largest number of (construed with the definite article); superlative degree of many: the majority of; more than half of (construed without the definite article)(av) Forms the superlative of many adjectives.; To a great extent or degree; highly; very.; superlative form of many: most many; superlative form of much: most much(P) The greater part of a group, especially a group of people.(n) The greatest amount.; The greater part.; A record-setting amount.(av) Almost.
mostly: (av) Mainly or chiefly; for the most part; usually, generally, on the whole.; To the greatest extent; most.
Mosul: (N) A city in northern Iraq; capital of Nineveh province.; A former province of Mesopotamia, of the Ottoman Empire
mot: (n) A witty remark; a witticism; a bon mot.; A word or a motto; a device.; A note or brief strain on a bugle.(n) A woman; a wife.; A prostitute.; A landlady.
Mot: (N) The ancient Canaanite god of death and the underworld.
MOT: (n) Ministry of Transport test; an annual test of roadworthiness for British cars over three years old.; An aggregate which meets the Ministry of Transport standard as a compact subbase.; management of technology.; microwave oven transformer; A member of the tribe; i.e. a Jew; magnetooptical trap
mote: (n) A small particle; a speck.(v) May or might.; Must.; Forming subjunctive expressions of wish: may.(n) A meeting for discussion.; A body of persons who meet for discussion, especially about the management of affairs.; A place of meeting for discussion.(n) A tiny computer for remote sensing; a component element of smartdust.
Mote: (N) A surname.
motel: (n) A type of hotel or lodging establishment, often located near a major highway, which typically features a series of rooms the entrances of which are immediately adjacent to a parking lot to facilitate convenient access to automobiles parked there.; A low-cost short-stay hotel, often with hourly rates rather than daily rates, and notorious for permitting illicit sexual activities; love hotel.(v) To stay in a motel or motels.
motes: (n) plural of mote
Motes: (N) plural of Mote
motet: (n) A composition adapted to sacred words in the elaborate polyphonic church style; an anthem.
moth: (n) A usually nocturnal insect of the order Lepidoptera, distinguished from butterflies by feather-like antennae.; Anything that gradually and silently eats, consumes, or wastes any other thing.(v) To hunt for moths.(n) The plant Vigna aconitifolia, moth bean.(n) Obsolete form of mote.; A liver spot, especially an irregular or feathery one.
mother: (n) A (human) female who has given birth to a baby.; A human female who parents an adopted or fostered child.; A human female who donates a fertilized egg or donates a body cell which has resulted in a clone.; A pregnant female, possibly as a shortened form of mother-to-be.; A female parent of an animal.; A female ancestor.; A source or origin.; Something that is the greatest or most significant of its kind. (See mother of all.); A title of respect for one's mother-in-law.; Any elderly woman, especially within a particular community.; Any person or entity which performs mothering.; A locomotive which provides electrical power for a slug.; The principal piece of an astrolabe, into which the others are fixed.; The female superior or head of a religious house; an abbess, etc.; Hysterical passion; hysteria; the uterus.; A disc produced from the electrotyped master, used in manufacturing phonograph records.(v) To give birth to or produce (as its female parent) a child. (Compare father.); To treat as a mother would be expected to treat her child; to nurture.(n) A stringy, mucilaginous or film- or membrane-like substance (consisting of acetobacters) which develops in fermenting alcoholic liquids (such as wine, or cider), and turns the alcohol into acetic acid with the help of oxygen from the air.(v) To cause to contain mother (“that substance which develops in fermenting alcohol and turns it into vinegar”).; To develop mother.(n) Motherfucker.; A striking example.(n) Alternative form of moth-er
Mother: (N) One's mother.; A title given to a nun or a priestess.; One of the triune goddesses of the Lady in Wicca alongside the Crone and Maiden and representing a woman older than a girlish Maiden but younger than an aged Crone.; A title given to the personification of a force of nature or abstract concept, such as Mother Nature, Mother Russia, or Mother Earth.
moths: (n) plural of moth(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of moth
mothy: (aj) Resembling or characteristic of a moth.; infested with moths; moth-eaten
motif: (n) A recurring or dominant element; an artistic theme.; A short melodic or lyrical passage that is repeated in several parts of a work.; A decorative figure that is repeated in a design or pattern.; A decorative appliqué design or figure, as of lace or velvet, used in trimming.; The physical object or objects repeated at each point of a lattice. Usually atoms or molecules.; A basic element of a move in terms of why the piece moves and how it supports the fulfilment of a stipulation.; In a nucleotide or amino-acid sequence, pattern that is widespread and has, or is conjectured to have, a biological significance.
motifs: (n) plural of motif
motile: (aj) Having the power to move spontaneously.; Producing motion.; Of or relating to those mental images that arise from the sensations of bodily movement and position.(n) A person whose prevailing mental imagery takes the form of inner feelings of action, such as incipient pronunciation of words, muscular innervations, etc.
motion: (n) A state of progression from one place to another.; A change of position with respect to time.; A change from one place to another.; A parliamentary action to propose something. A similar procedure in any official or business meeting.; An entertainment or show, especially a puppet show.; from κίνησις (kinesis); any change. Traditionally of four types: generation and corruption, alteration, augmentation and diminution, and change of place.; Movement of the mind, desires, or passions; mental act, or impulse to any action; internal activity.; A formal request, oral or written, made to a judge or court of law to obtain an official court ruling or order for a legal action to be taken by, or on behalf of, the movant.; A movement of the bowels; the product of such movement.; Change of pitch in successive sounds, whether in the same part or in groups of parts. (Conjunct motion is that by single degrees of the scale. Contrary motion is when parts move in opposite directions. Disjunct motion is motion by skips. Oblique motion is when one part is stationary while another moves. Similar or direct motion is when parts move in the same direction.); A puppet, or puppet show.; A piece of moving mechanism, such as on a steam locomotive.(v) To gesture indicating a desired movement.; To introduce a motion in parliamentary procedure.; To make a proposal; to offer plans.
motive: (n) An idea or communication that makes one want to act, especially from spiritual sources; a divine prompting.; An incentive to act in a particular way; a reason or emotion that makes one want to do something; anything that prompts a choice of action.; A limb or other bodily organ that can move.; Something which causes someone to want to commit a crime; a reason for criminal behaviour.; A motif.; A motif; a theme or subject, especially one that is central to the work or often repeated.(v) To prompt or incite by a motive or motives; to move.(aj) Causing motion; having power to move, or tending to move; Relating to motion and/or to its cause
motley: (aj) Comprising greatly varied elements, to the point of incongruity.; Having many colours; variegated.(n) An incongruous mixture.; A jester's multicoloured clothes.; A jester; a fool.
Motley: (N) A surname.
motleyer: (adj) plural of motley
motleyest: (adj) plural of motley
motlier: (adj) plural of motley
motliest: (adj) plural of motley
motmot: (n) Any bird in the taxonomic family Momotidae, endemic to the neotropics.
motor: (n) A machine or device that converts other energy forms into mechanical energy, or imparts motion.; A motor car, or automobile.; A source of power for something; an inspiration; a driving force.; Any protein capable of converting chemical energy into mechanical work.; The controller or prime mover of the universe; God.; The fermenting mass of fruit that is the basis of pruno, or "prison wine".(aj) Relating to the ability to move.; Relating to motor cars.; Propelled by an internal combustion engine (as opposed to a steam engine or turbine).(v) To make a journey by motor vehicle; to drive.; To rotate a jet engine or turboprop using the engine's starter, without introducing fuel into the engine.; To move at a brisk pace.; To leave.
motors: (n) plural of motor(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of motor
motte: (n) A raised earth mound, often topped with a wooden or stone structure and surrounded with a ditch.(n) Alternative form of mott
mottle: (v) To mark with blotches of different color, or shades of color, as if stained; to spot; to maculate.(n) A distinguishing blotch of color.; A mottled coloration or pattern.
motto: (n) A sentence, phrase, or word, forming part of an heraldic achievement.; A sentence, phrase, or word, prefixed to an essay, discourse, chapter, canto, or the like, suggestive of its subject matter; a short, suggestive expression of a guiding principle; a maxim.; A paper packet containing a sweetmeat, cracker, etc., together with a scrap of paper bearing a motto.
mou: (pa) Sentence-final particle, forms a tag question.
MOU: (n) Alternative form of MoU
Mou: (N) A surname, from Chinese.
moue: (n) A pout, especially as expressing mock-annoyance or flirtatiousness.
mought: (v) Alternative form of might; past participle of may.
moujik: (n) Alternative spelling of mujik
mould: (n) Alternative spelling of mold (“hollow form or matrix”)(v) Alternative spelling of mold (“to shape in a mould”)(n) Alternative spelling of mold (“growth of tiny fungi”)(v) Alternative spelling of mold (“to cause to become mouldy”)(n) Alternative spelling of mold (“loose soil”)(n) Alternative spelling of mold (“top of the head”)
Mould: (N) A surname.
moulds: (n) plural of mould(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mould
Moulds: (N) plural of Mould
mouldy: (aj) Covered with mould.; Neglected.; worthless; lousy; rotten
moulin: (n) A cylindrical, vertical shaft that extends through a glacier and is carved by meltwater from the glacier’s surface.
Moulin: (N) A surname, from French.
moult: (n) The process of shedding or losing a covering of fur, feathers or skin etc.; The skin or feathers cast off during the process of moulting.(v) To shed or lose a covering of hair or fur, feathers, skin, horns, etc, and replace it with a fresh one.; To shed in such a manner.
Moult: (N) A surname.
mound: (n) An artificial hill or elevation of earth; a raised bank; an embankment thrown up for defense; A natural elevation appearing as if thrown up artificially; a regular and isolated hill, hillock, or knoll.; Elevated area of dirt upon which the pitcher stands to pitch.; A ball or globe forming part of the regalia of an emperor or other sovereign. It is encircled with bands, enriched with precious stones, and surmounted with a cross.; The mons veneris.; A hand.; A protection; restraint; curb.; A helmet.; Might; size.(v) To fortify with a mound; add a barrier, rampart, etc. to.; To force or pile into a mound or mounds.
mounds: (n) plural of mound(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mound
mount: (n) A hill or mountain.; Any of seven fleshy prominences in the palm of the hand, taken to represent the influences of various heavenly bodies.; A bulwark for offence or defence; a mound.; A bank; a fund.; A green hillock in the base of a shield.(n) An animal, usually a horse, used to ride on, unlike a draught horse; A mounting; an object on which another object is mounted.; A rider in a cavalry unit or division.; A step or block to assist in mounting a horse.; A signal for mounting a horse.; A dominant ground grappling position, where one combatant sits on the other combatants torso with the face pointing towards the opponent's head.(v) To get upon; to ascend; to climb.; To place oneself on (a horse, a bicycle, etc.); to bestride.; To cause to mount; to put on horseback; to furnish with animals for riding.; To cause (something) to rise or ascend; to drive up; to raise; to elevate; to lift up.; To sit on a combatants torso with the face pointing towards the opponent's head; to assume the mount position in ground grappling.; To rise on high; to go up; to be upraised or uplifted; to tower aloft; to ascend; often with up.; To attach (an object) to a support, backing, framework etc.; To attach (a drive or device) to the file system in order to make it available to the operating system.; To increase in quantity or intensity.; To attain in value; to amount (to).; To get on top of (another) for the purpose of copulation.; To have sexual intercourse with someone.; To begin (a campaign, military assault, etc.); to launch.; To deploy (cannon) for use.; To prepare and arrange the scenery, furniture, etc. for use in (a play or production).; To incorporate fat, especially butter, into (a dish, especially a sauce to finish it).
Mount: (N) A surname.
mounts: (n) plural of mount(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mount
mourn: (v) To express sadness or sorrow for; to grieve over (especially a death).; To utter in a sorrowful manner.; To wear mourning.(n) Sorrow, grief.; A ring fitted upon the head of a lance to prevent wounding an adversary in tilting.
mourns: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mourn
Mous: (N) plural of Mou
MOUs: (n) plural of MOU
mouse: (n) Any small rodent of the genus Mus.; A member of the many small rodent and marsupial species resembling such a rodent.; A quiet or shy person.; (plural mice or, rarely, mouses) An input device that is moved over a pad or other flat surface to produce a corresponding movement of a pointer on a graphical display.; The cursor.; A facial hematoma or black eye.; A turn or lashing of spun yarn or small stuff, or a metallic clasp or fastening, uniting the point and shank of a hook to prevent its unhooking or straightening out.; A familiar term of endearment.; A match used in firing guns or blasting.; A small model of (a fragment of) Zermelo-Fraenkel set theory with desirable properties (depending on the context).; A small cushion for a woman's hair.(v) To move cautiously or furtively, in the manner of a mouse (the rodent) (frequently used in the phrasal verb to mouse around).; To hunt or catch mice (the rodents), usually of cats.; To close the mouth of a hook by a careful binding of marline or wire.; To navigate by means of a computer mouse.; To tear, as a cat devours a mouse.
Mouse: (N) A surname, from German.
mouser: (n) A cat that catches mice, kept specifically for the purpose.; A moustache.
Mouser: (N) A surname.
mousey: (aj) Alternative spelling of mousy
mousse: (n) An airy pudding served chilled, particularly chocolate mousse.; A savory dish, of meat or seafood, containing gelatin.; A styling cream used for hair.; A stable emulsion of water and oil that is created by wave action churning the water where an oil spill occurs.(v) To apply mousse (styling cream).
mousy: (aj) Resembling a mouse.; Quiet; stealthy.; Resembling a mouse.; Timid.; Resembling a mouse.; Of a greyish-brown colour.; Abounding in or infested with mice.(n) Diminutive of mouse.
mouth: (n) The opening of a creature through which food is ingested.; The end of a river out of which water flows into a sea or other large body of water.; An outlet, aperture or orifice.; A loud or overly talkative person.; The crosspiece of a bridle bit, which enters the mouth of an animal.; A principal speaker; one who utters the common opinion; a mouthpiece.; Speech; language; testimony.; A wry face; a grimace; a mow.(v) To speak; to utter.; To make the actions of speech, without producing sound.; To form with the mouth.; To utter with a voice that is overly loud or swelling.; To exit at a mouth (such as a river mouth); To pick up or handle with the lips or mouth, but not chew or swallow.; To take into the mouth; to seize or grind with the mouth or teeth; to chew; to devour.; To form or cleanse with the mouth; to lick, as a bear licks her cub.; To carry in the mouth.; To make mouths at; To form a mouth or opening in.; To examine the teeth of.
mouths: (n) plural of mouth(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mouth
mouthy: (aj) Overly talkative, insolent, and loud.; Of a dog: inclined to bite or nip.
mouton: (n) A 14th-century French gold coin, weighing about 70 grains.
Mouton: (N) commune in Charente, France
move: (v) To change place or posture; to go, in any manner, from one place or position to another.; To act; to take action; to begin to act; To change residence, for example from one house, town, or state, to another; to go and live at another place. See also move out and move in.; To change the place of a piece in accordance with the rules of the game.; To cause to change place or posture in any manner; to set in motion; to carry, convey, draw, or push from one place to another; To transfer (a piece or man) from one space or position to another, according to the rules of the game; To excite to action by the presentation of motives; to rouse by representation, persuasion, or appeal; to influence.; To arouse the feelings or passions of; especially, to excite to tenderness or compassion, to excite (for example, an emotion).; To propose; to recommend; specifically, to propose formally for consideration and determination, in a deliberative assembly; to submit; To mention; to raise (a question); to suggest (a course of action); to lodge (a complaint).; To incite, urge (someone to do something); to solicit (someone for or of an issue); to make a proposal to.; To apply to, as for aid.; To request an action from the court.; To bow or salute upon meeting.; To sell, to market (especially, but not exclusively, illegal products)(n) The act of moving; a movement.; An act for the attainment of an object; a step in the execution of a plan or purpose.; A formalized or practiced action used in athletics, dance, physical exercise, self-defense, hand-to-hand combat, etc.; The event of changing one's residence.; A change in strategy.; A transfer, a change from one employer to another.; The act of moving a token on a gameboard from one position to another according to the rules of the game.
moved: (aj) Emotionally affected; touched.; Convinced.(v) simple past tense and past participle of move
mover: (n) Someone who or something that moves.; A dancer.; A person employed to help people move their possessions from one residence to another.; Someone who proposes a motion at a meeting.
movers: (n) plural of mover
moves: (n) plural of move(n) A good ability to dance.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of move
movie: (n) A recorded sequence of images displayed on a screen at a rate sufficiently fast to create the appearance of motion.; A cinema.
movies: (n) plural of movie(n) The cinema
moving: (aj) That moves or move.; That causes someone to feel emotion.(v) present participle of move(n) The relocation of goods; A causing of a movement
mow: (v) To cut down grass or crops.; To cut down or slaughter in great numbers.(n) The act of mowing (a garden, grass etc.); A shot played with a sweeping or scythe-like motion.(n) A scornful grimace; a wry face.(v) To make grimaces, mock.(n) A stack of hay, corn, beans or a barn for the storage of hay, corn, beans.; The place in a barn where hay or grain in the sheaf is stowed.(v) To put into mows.(n) Alternative form of mew (a seagull)
Mow: (N) A surname.
mowed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of mow
mower: (n) A lawnmower, a machine used to cut grass on lawns.; A farm machine used in hay production (sickle mower, finger-bar mower).; A person who cuts grass.
Mower: (N) An occupational surname, from occupations for a mower of hay.
mowers: (n) plural of mower
Mowers: (N) A surname.
mowing: (v) present participle of mow(n) The activity by which something is mown.; Land from which grass is cut.
mown: (v) past participle of mow
moxa: (n) Dried leaves of an Asian species of mugwort, Artemisia argyi as used in moxibustion.; Any other plant used in moxibustion.
moxie: (n) Nerve, spunk, strength of character.; Verve.; Wit, smarts, skill.
moxies: (n) plural of moxie
Moy: (N) A surname.; A small village beside Loch Moy in the Highland council area, Scotland (OS grid ref NH7634).; A hamlet beside the Loch Laggan Reservoir in the Highland council area (OS grid ref NN4282).; A village and townland in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland.; A river, the River Moy in County Mayo and County Sligo, Ireland.
Moys: (n) plural Moy
Mozart: (n) By analogy with Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, a musical virtuoso.; By extension, a virtuoso in any field.(N) A surname, from German; (music) used specifically of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart (1756–1791), a prolific and influential composer of the Classical period.
ms: (n) plural of m
Ms: (n) Title used before an adult woman's name or surname, especially when it is not desired or possible to indicate her marital status with Miss or Mrs.(n) plural of M
mu: (n) The 12th letter of the Modern Greek alphabet.(i) Neither yes nor no.(n) Nothingness; nonexistence; the illusory nature of reality.(n) A unit of surface area, currently equivalent to 666 and 2/3 meters squared.
Mu: (N) A hypothetical continent that allegedly existed in the Atlantic or Pacific Ocean.(n) μ (a mu particle)
much: (d) A large amount of.; Used to indicate, demonstrate or compare the quantity of something.; A great number of; many (people).; Many ( + plural countable noun).(aj) Large, great.; Long in duration.(av) To a great extent.; Often; frequently.; Used to indicate or compare extent.; Almost.(P) A large amount or great extent.
Much: (N) A surname, from German.
muches: (n) plural of much
mucin: (n) Any of several glycoproteins found in mucus
muck: (n) mud, sludge.; Soft (or slimy) manure.; Anything filthy or vile. Dirt; something that makes another thing dirty.; grub, slop, swill; money; The pile of discarded cards.; heroin(v) To shovel muck.; To manure with muck.; To do a dirty job.; To pass, to fold without showing one's cards, often done when a better hand has already been revealed.; To vomit.
Muck: (N) A surname.
mucker: (n) Friend, acquaintance.; A comrade; a friendly, low-ranking soldier in the same situation.; A person who removes muck (waste, debris, broken rock, etc.), especially from a mine, construction site, or stable.; A low or vulgar labourer.(v) To scrape together (money, etc.) by mean labour or shifts.
Mucker: (n) A follower of the religious teachings of Johann Heinrich Schönherr (1770–1826) and Johann Wilhelm Ebel (1784–1861).
muckle: (n) A great amount.(aj) Large, massive.; Much.(v) To latch onto something with the mouth.; To talk big; to exaggerate.
Muckle: (N) A surname.
muckler: (adj) plural of muckle
mucklest: (adj) plural of muckle
mucky: (aj) Covered in muck.; Obscene, pornographic.
mucoid: (aj) Pertaining to or resembling mucus; mucous.(n) Any of a class of mucin-like substances yielding on decomposition a reducing carbohydrate together with some form of proteinaceous matter.
mucor: (n) The property of being mucid.
mucors: (n) plural of mucor
mucosa: (n) mucous membrane
mucous: (aj) Pertaining to mucus; Having the qualities of mucus
mucro: (n) A pointed end, often sharp, abruptly terminating an organ, such as a projection at the tip of a leaf; the posterior tip of a cuttlebone; or the distal part of the furcula in Collembola.
mucus: (n) A slippery secretion from the lining of the mucous membranes.
mud: (n) A mixture of water and soil or fine grained sediment.; A plaster-like mixture used to texture or smooth drywall.; Wet concrete as it is being mixed, delivered and poured.; Willfully abusive, even slanderous remarks or claims, notably between political opponents.; Money, dough, especially when proceeding from dirty business.; Stool that is exposed as a result of anal sex.; A particle less than 62.5 microns in diameter, following the Wentworth scale; A black person.; Drilling fluid.; Coffee.(v) To make muddy or dirty; to apply mud to (something).; To make turbid.; To go under the mud, as an eel does.(v) To participate in a MUD or multi-user dungeon.
mudcat: (n) A catfish, Ameiurus natalis (yellow bullhead), native to the Mississippi Delta.; A flathead catfish (Pylodictis olivaris, syns. Silurus olivaris, Leptops olivaris), flatty or shovelhead cat, of central North America.
muddle: (v) To mix together, to mix up; to confuse.; To mash slightly for use in a cocktail.; To dabble in mud.; To make turbid or muddy.; To think and act in a confused, aimless way.; To cloud or stupefy; to render stupid with liquor; to intoxicate partially.; To waste or misuse, as one does who is stupid or intoxicated.(n) A mixture; a confusion; a garble.; A mixture of crushed ingredients, as prepared with a muddler.
muddy: (aj) Covered with or full of mud or wet soil.; With mud or other sediment brought into suspension, turbid.; Not clear; mixed up or blurry.; Confused; stupid; incoherent; vague.; Soiled with feces.(v) To get mud on (something).; To make a mess of, or create confusion with regard to; to muddle.
mudra: (n) Any of several formal symbolic hand postures used in classical dance of India and in Hindu and Buddhist iconography.; Any of the formal body positions and postures used in yoga and meditation.
muff: (n) A piece of fur or cloth, usually with open ends, used for keeping the hands warm.; Female pubic hair; female genitals (vulva, vagina), like muffin. See Thesaurus:vagina.; A woman or girl.; A blown cylinder of glass which is afterward flattened out to make a sheet.; The feathers sticking out from both sides of the face under the beak of some birds.; A short hollow cylinder surrounding an object such as a pipe.(n) A fool, a stupid or poor-spirited person.; An error, a mistake; a failure to hold a ball when once in the hands.; A bird, the whitethroat.(v) To drop or mishandle (the ball, a catch etc.); to play badly.; To mishandle; to bungle.(n) A muffin.
Muff: (N) A surname.; A diminutive of the female given name Myfanwy(N) A village in County Donegal, Ireland; An unincorporated community in Armstrong County, Pennsylvania, United States
muffin: (n) A type of flattish bun, usually cut in two horizontally, toasted and spread with butter, etc, before being eaten; an English muffin.; A cupcake-shaped baked good (for example of cornbread, banana bread, or a chocolate dough), sometimes glazed but typically without frosting, eaten especially for breakfast (in contrast to a cupcake, which is a dessert).; A mechanism used in the Java Network Launching Protocol analogous to the cookie mechanism and which permits a program running in a browser to perform operations on a client machine.; Term of endearment.; Female pubic hair; female genitals (vulva, vagina), like muff.; A less talented player; one who muffs, or drops the ball.; A charming, attractive young man.; A small plate, smaller than a twiffler.; Another word for a roll, bap or cob, even one that isn’t flat or toasted.
Muffin: (N) A female given name.; A surname.
muffle: (n) Anything that mutes or deadens sound.; A warm piece of clothing for the hands.; A boxing glove.; A kiln or furnace, often electric, with no direct flames (a muffle furnace); The bare end of the nose between the nostrils, especially in ruminants.; A machine with two pulleys to hoist load by spinning wheels, polyspast, block and tackle.(v) To wrap (a person, face etc.) in fabric or another covering, for warmth or protection; often with up.; To wrap up or cover (a source of noise) in order to deaden the sound.; To mute or deaden (a sound etc.).; To speak indistinctly, or without clear articulation.; To prevent seeing, or hearing, or speaking, by wraps bound about the head; to blindfold; to deafen.
mufti: (n) A Muslim scholar and interpreter of shari’a law, who can deliver a fatwa.; A civilian dress when worn by a member of the military, or casual dress when worn by a pupil of a school who normally would wear uniform.
mug: (aj) Easily fooled, gullible.(n) A large cup for beverages, usually having a handle and used without a saucer.; The face.; A gullible or easily-cheated person.; A stupid or contemptible person.; A criminal.(v) To strike in the face.; To assault for the purpose of robbery.; To exaggerate a facial expression for communicative emphasis; to make a face, to pose, as for photographs or in a performance, in an exaggerated or affected manner.; To photograph for identification; to take a mug shot.; To learn or review a subject as much as possible in a short time; cram.(n) Motherfucker (usually in similes, e.g. "like a mug" or "as a mug")
mugger: (n) A person who assaults and robs others, especially in a public place.; A person who makes exaggerated faces, as a performance; a gurner.(n) A large crocodile, Crocodylus palustris, of southwest Asia, having a very broad wrinkled snout.
muggy: (aj) humid, or hot and humid.; wet or mouldy
mugs: (n) plural of mug(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mug
Muir: (N) A surname, from Scots.
Muirs: (n) plural Muir
mujik: (n) A Russian (male) peasant.
mukluk: (n) A soft knee-high boot of sealskin or reindeer skin, originally worn by Inuit and Yupik.; A laced winter boot resembling a traditional mukluk, with thick rubber sole and cloth upper.
mulch: (n) Any material used to cover the top layer of soil to protect, insulate, or decorate it, or to discourage weeds or retain moisture.; A material used as mulch, as a decorative redwood bark mulch.(v) To apply mulch.; To turn into mulch.
mulct: (n) A fine or penalty, especially a pecuniary one.(v) To impose such a fine or penalty.; To swindle (someone) out of money.
mule: (n) The generally sterile male or female hybrid offspring of a male donkey and a female horse.; The generally sterile hybrid offspring of any two species of animals.; A hybrid plant.; A stubborn person.; A person paid to smuggle drugs.; A coin or medal minted with obverse and reverse designs not normally seen on the same piece, either intentionally or in error.; A MMORPG character, or NPC companion in a tabletop RPG, used mainly to store extra inventory for the owner's primary character.; Any of a group of cocktails involving ginger ale or ginger beer, citrus juice, and various liquors.; A kind of triangular sail for a yacht.; A kind of cotton-spinning machine.(v) To smuggle (illegal drugs).(n) A shoe that has no fitting or strap around the heel, but which covers the foot.
Mule: (N) A surname.
mules: (n) plural of mule(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mule(v) To remove skin from (an animal) to prevent myiasis.
Mules: (N) plural of Mule
muley: (aj) Without horns.(n) mule deer
mulga: (n) Any of a number of small acacia trees, especially Acacia aneura, forming dense scrub in dry inland areas of Australia.; The outback.; Something made from the wood of a mulga tree.; A mulga wire.
mulish: (aj) Characteristic of a mule; stubborn, obstinate, or intractable
mull: (v) To work (over) mentally; to cogitate; to ruminate.; To powder; to pulverize.; To chop marijuana so that it becomes a smokable form.; To heat and spice something, such as wine.; To join two or more individual windows at mullions.; To dull or stupefy.(n) Marijuana that has been chopped to prepare it for smoking.; A stew of meat, broth, milk, butter, vegetables, and seasonings, thickened with soda crackers.; The gauze used in bookbinding to adhere a text block to a book's cover.; An inferior kind of madder prepared from the smaller roots or the peelings and refuse of the larger.; A mess of something; a mistake.(n) A thin, soft muslin.(n) A promontory.; A snuffbox made of the small end of a horn.(n) dirt; rubbish
Mull: (N) An island, the second largest in the Inner Hebrides, in Argyll and Bute council area, Scotland.
mullah: (n) A religious scholar and teacher of sharia law.; A conservative Muslim leader or cleric, especially one who is hostile against other religions.; A Muslim.(v) Alternative form of muller (“to beat, thrash”)
mulled: (v) simple past tense and past participle of mull
muller: (n) One who, or that which, mulls.; A grinding stone, held in the hand, used especially for preparing paints and powders.; A vessel in which wine, etc., is mulled over a fire.(v) To grind up into, or as if into, powder.(n) A machine that mixes sand and clay for use in metal castings.(v) To beat; to thrash (a person).; To defeat or destroy utterly (as in a sport or competition).
Muller: (N) An occupational surname, from German of German origin.
mullet: (n) A fish of the family Mullidae (order Syngnathiformes), especially the genus Mullus (the red mullets or goatfish).; A fish of the family Mugilidae (order Mugiliformes) (the grey mullets).; Any of several species of freshwater fish in the sucker family (especially in the genus Moxostoma, the redhorses)(n) A fool(n) A hairstyle where the hair is kept short on the top and sides and long at the back.; A person who mindlessly follows a fad, a trend, or a leader.(n) A star with straight edges and usually with five or six points.; The rowel of a spur.
Mullet: (N) A surname.
mulley: (aj) Alternative form of muley(n) A hornless or polled animal.; A cow.
Mulley: (N) A surname.
multum: (n) An extract of quassia licorice, fraudulently used by brewers in order to economize malt and hops.
multums: (n) plural of multum
mum: (n) Mother.; ma'am; a term of respect for an older woman.(n) A chrysanthemum.(aj) Silent.; Secret.(i) stop speaking!, stop talking!, hush!(v) To act in a pantomime or dumb show.(n) silence(n) A type of strong beer, originally made in Brunswick, Germany.
Mum: (N) One's mother
mumble: (v) To speak unintelligibly or inaudibly; to fail to articulate.; To chew something gently with closed lips.(n) A quiet or unintelligible vocalization; a low tone of voice.
mummer: (n) A person who dons a disguising costume, as for a parade or a festival.; An actor in a pantomime; one who communicates entirely through gesture and facial expression.(v) Synonym of mum (“to act in pantomime or dumb show”)
mummy: (n) An embalmed human or animal corpse wrapped in linen bandages for burial, especially as practised by the ancient Egyptians and some Native American tribes.; A reanimated embalmed human corpse, as a typical character in horror films.; Any naturally preserved human or animal body.; A brown pigment originally prepared from the ground-up remains of Egyptian animal or human mummies mixed with bitumen, etc.; A pulp.; A substance used in medicine, prepared from mummified flesh.; A sort of wax used in grafting.(v) To mummify.(n) mother.
Mummy: (N) One's mother.
mump: (v) To mumble, speak unclearly.; To move the lips with the mouth closed; to mumble, as in sulkiness.; To beg, especially if using a repeated phrase.; To deprive of (something) by cheating; to impose upon.; To cheat; to deceive; to play the beggar.; To be sullen or sulky.; To nibble.; to accept a small gift or bribe in exchange for services.(n) A grimace.(n) A cube of peat; a spade's depth of digging turf.
mumps: (n) A contagious disease caused by the Mumps virus of the genus Rubulavirus, mostly occurring in childhood, which causes swelling of glands in the face and neck.; A gloomy or sullen silence.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mump(n) plural of mump
mun: (v) Must.(n) The mouth, jaw.(n) man(P) them(n) The person who roleplays a character in a role-playing game, especially an online play-by-post one.
Mun: (N) Ellipsis of River Mun; A river in Thailand; Ellipsis of Mun River; A river in Norfolk, England, United Kingdom(N) A surname.
munch: (v) To chew with a grinding, crunching sound, and with the mouth closed.; To eat vigorously or with excitement.(n) A location or restaurant where good eating can be expected.; An act of eating.; Food.; A casual meeting for those interested in BDSM, usually at a restaurant.
Munch: (N) A surname.; Edvard Munch, Norwegian artist.
Munda: (N) An Austroasiatic language family of central and eastern India and Bangladesh, including the languages of Ho, Mundari, Santali, and others.(n) Any member of the indigenous people who speak one of the Munda languages.
Munich: (N) The capital and largest city of Bavaria, Germany.
munro: (n) Alternative form of Munro
Munro: (N) A Scottish surname, from Scottish Gaelic, variant of Monroe.(n) Any Scottish mountain having a height of more than 3,000 feet; named after Sir Hugh Thomas Munro, Scottish mountaineer
muntin: (n) One of the separators between panes of glass in a composite window.
muon: (n) An unstable elementary particle in the lepton family, having similar properties to the electron but with a mass 207 times greater.
murage: (n) A tax paid for building or repairing the walls of a fortified town.
mural: (n) A large painting, usually drawn on a wall.(aj) Of or relating to a wall; on, or in, or against a wall.; Resembling a wall; perpendicular or steep.(v) To create a mural.
murder: (n) The crime of deliberately killing another person without justification.; The act of deliberate killing of another person or other being without justification, especially with malice aforethought.; The commission of an act which abets the commission of a crime the commission of which causes the death of a human.; Something terrible to endure.; A group of crows; the collective noun for crows.(v) To deliberately kill (a person or persons) without justification, especially with malice aforethought.; To defeat decisively.; To kick someone's ass or chew someone out (used to express one’s anger at somebody).; To botch or mangle.; To devour, ravish.
mure: (n) wall; husks of fruit from which the juice has been squeezed. Perhaps an old spelling of myrrh(aj) mural (as a postmodifier)(v) to wall in or fortify; To enclose or imprison within walls.
murex: (n) Any of the genus Murex of marine gastropods.
murine: (aj) Of, pertaining to, or characteristic of a mouse.; More generally, of, pertaining to, or characteristic of any rodent up to the taxonomic rank of Muroidea, most often with reference to mice and rats of the subfamily Murinae.(n) Any murine mammal.
murk: (aj) Dark, murky(n) Darkness, or a dark or gloomy environment.(v) To make murky or be murky; to cloud or obscure, or to be clouded or obscured.(v) To murder or seriously injure.
murkly: (adj) plural of murk
murky: (aj) Hard to see through, as a fog or mist.; Dark, dim, gloomy.; Cloudy, indistinct, obscure.; Dishonest, shady.
murmur: (n) Any low, indistinct sound, like that of running water.; Soft indistinct speech.; The sound made by any condition which produces noisy, or turbulent, flow of blood through the heart.; A muttered complaint or protest; the expression of dissatisfaction in a low muttering voice; any expression of complaint or discontent(v) To grumble; to complain in a low, muttering voice, or express discontent at or against someone or something.; To speak or make low, indistinguishable noise; to mumble, mutter.; To say (something) indistinctly, to mutter.
murphy: (n) An Irish or white potato.
Murphy: (N) A common Irish surname, from Irish, the anglicized form of Irish Ó Murchadha; A unisex given name transferred from the surname, of occasional usage.; A number of places in the United States:; A census-designated place, the county seat of Owyhee County, Idaho.; A number of places in the United States:; A census-designated place in Jefferson County, Missouri.; A number of places in the United States:; A town, the county seat of Cherokee County, North Carolina.; A number of places in the United States:; A city in Collin County, Texas.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Buchanan County, Virginia.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Barbour County, West Virginia.; A town in the province of Santa Fe, Argentina.
murray: (n) Alternative form of moray
Murray: (N) A Scottish surname, from Scottish Gaelic.; A male given name transferred from the surname.; A placename:; A major river in southeastern Australia, flowing 2,589 km (1,609 mi) to the Indian Ocean.; A placename:; A suburb of the City of Townsville, Queensland, Australia.; A placename:; A minor river in Stewart Island, New Zealand.; A placename:; A number of places in the United States
murre: (n) Any seabird of the genus Uria in the family Alcidae (the auks).
murrey: (n) The mulberry fruit.; A tincture, the colour of mulberries, between gules (red) and purpure (purple).(aj) Of a mulberry colour.
Murrey: (N) A surname.
Musca: (N) An autumn constellation of the southern sky, said to resemble a fly, between the constellations of Carina and Apus.
Muscae: (n) plural Musca
muscat: (n) A white grape variety; used as table grapes and for making raisins and sweet wine.; The muscatel wine made from these grapes.; The vine bearing this fruit.
Muscat: (N) The capital city of Oman.
muscid: (aj) Pertaining to or related to the Muscidae family of insects.(n) Any fly of the family Muscidae of insects.
muscle: (n) A contractile form of tissue which animals use to effect movement.; An organ composed of muscle tissue.; A well-developed physique, in which the muscles are enlarged from exercise.; Strength, force.; Hired strongmen or bodyguards.(v) To use force to make progress, especially physical force.
muse: (n) A source of inspiration.; A poet; a bard.(v) To become lost in thought, to ponder.; To say (something) with due consideration or thought.; To think on; to meditate on.; To wonder at.(n) An act of musing; a period of thoughtfulness.(n) A gap or hole in a hedge, fence, etc. through which a wild animal is accustomed to pass; a muset.
Muse: (n) One of the nine Ancient Greek deities of the arts.(N) any of the nine goddesses who inspire the creation of literature and arts in Greek mythology
mused: (v) simple past tense and past participle of muse
muses: (n) plural of muse(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of muse
Muses: (n) plural of Muse
museum: (n) A building or institution dedicated to the acquisition, conservation, study, exhibition, and educational interpretation of objects having scientific, historical, cultural or artistic value.
mush: (n) A somewhat liquid mess, often of food; a soft or semisolid substance.; A mixture of noise produced by the harmonics of continuous-wave stations.; The foam of a breaker.; A magmatic body containing a significant proportion of crystals suspended in the liquid phase or melt.(v) To squish so as to break into smaller pieces or to combine with something else.(n) A food comprising cracked or rolled grains cooked in water or milk; porridge.; Cornmeal cooked in water and served as a porridge or as a thick sidedish like grits or mashed potatoes.(i) A directive given (usually to dogs or a horse) to start moving, or to move faster.(n) A walk, especially across the snow with dogs.(v) To walk, especially across the snow with dogs.; To drive dogs, usually pulling a sled, across the snow.(n) A magic mushroom.(n) A form of address, normally to a man.; The face.(v) To notch, cut, or indent (cloth, etc.) with a stamp.
Mush: (N) A historically Armenian city in the Turuberan province of Greater Armenia, now in eastern Turkey.; A province of Turkey.
MUSH: (n) A form of multi-user dungeon, often used for online social intercourse and role-playing games.
mushy: (aj) Resembling or having the consistency of mush; semiliquid, pasty, or granular.; Soft; squishy.; Overly sappy, corny, or cheesy; maudlin.
music: (n) A series of sounds organized in time, employing melody, harmony, tempo etc. usually to convey a mood.; Any pleasing or interesting sounds.; An art form, created by organizing of pitch, rhythm, and sounds made using musical instruments and sometimes singing.; A guide to playing or singing a particular tune; sheet music.; Electronic signal jamming.; Heated argument.; Fun; amusement.(v) To seduce or entice with music.
Music: (N) A surname.
musing: (v) present participle of muse(aj) Absorbed in thought; contemplative(n) thought, meditation, contemplation
musjid: (n) Archaic form of masjid (“Islamic mosque”).
musk: (n) A greasy secretion with a powerful odour, produced in a glandular sac of the male musk deer and used in the manufacture of perfumes.; A similar secretion produced by the otter and the civet.; A synthetic organic compound used as a substitute for the above.; The odour of musk.; The musk deer (genus Moschus).; The musk plant (Mimulus moschatus).; A plant of the genus Erodium (Erodium moschatum); the musky heronsbill.; A plant of the genus Muscari; grape hyacinth.; The scent of human genitalia when aroused or unwashed.(v) To perfume with musk.
Musk: (N) A surname.
muskeg: (n) A terrain composed of peat bog with tussocky meadow and woody vegetation including spruce.
musket: (n) A kind of firearm formerly carried by the infantry of an army, originally fired by means of a match, or matchlock, for which several mechanical appliances (including the flintlock, and finally the percussion lock) were successively substituted; ultimately superseded by the rifle.; A male Eurasian sparrowhawk (Accipiter nisus).
musky: (aj) Resembling or characteristic of musk, especially in scent.(n) muskellunge
Muslim: (n) A person who is a follower and believer of Islam.(aj) Being or relating to a believer of Islam.
muslin: (n) Any of several varieties of thin cotton cloth.; Fabric made of cotton, flax (linen), hemp, or silk, finely or coarsely woven.; Any of a wide variety of tightly-woven thin fabrics, especially those used for bedlinen.; Woven cotton or linen fabrics, especially when used for items other than garments.; A dressmaker's pattern made from inexpensive cloth for fitting.; Any of several different moths, especially the muslin moth, Diaphora mendica.; Woman as sex object; prostitute, as in a bit of muslin.
muss: (v) To rumple, tousle or make (something) untidy.(n) A mess (disagreeable mixture or confusion of things; disorder); A scramble, as when small objects are thrown down, to be taken by those who can seize them; a confused struggle.(n) A term of endearment.
mussel: (n) Any of several groups of bivalve shellfish with elongated, asymmetrical shells; fresh water mussels, usually edible, of the order Unionida in subclass Palaeoheterodonta.; Any of several groups of bivalve shellfish with elongated, asymmetrical shells; salt water mussels, usually edible, of the order Mytilida in subclass Pteriomorphia.; Any of several groups of bivalve shellfish with elongated, asymmetrical shells; Certain other bivalves of somewhat similar appearance, such as the zebra mussel and quagga mussel of the family Dreissenidae in subclass Heterodonta.
must: (v) To do with certainty; indicates that the speaker is certain that the subject will have executed the predicate.; To do as a requirement; indicates that the sentence subject is required as an imperative or directive to execute the sentence predicate, with failure to do so resulting in a negative consequence.; Used to indicate that something that is very likely, probable, or certain to be true.(n) Something that is mandatory or required.(n) The property of being stale or musty.; Something that exhibits the property of being stale or musty.; Fruit juice that will ferment or has fermented, usually from grapes.(v) To make musty.; To become musty.(n) Alternative form of musth
mustee: (n) A person of one-eighth African ancestry.
muster: (n) Gathering.; An assemblage or display; a gathering, collection of people or things.; Gathering.; An assembling or review of troops, as for parade, verification of numbers, inspection, exercise, or introduction into service.; Gathering.; The sum total of an army when assembled for review and inspection; the whole number of effective men in an army.; Gathering.; A roundup of livestock for inspection, branding, drenching, shearing etc.; Showing.; Something shown for imitation; a pattern.; Showing.; An act of showing something; a display.; Showing.; A collection of peafowl (an invented term rather than one used by zoologists).(v) To show, exhibit.; To be gathered together for parade, inspection, exercise, or the like (especially of a military force); to come together as parts of a force or body.; To collect, call or assemble together, such as troops or a group for inspection, orders, display etc.; To enroll (into service).; To gather or round up livestock.(n) Synonym of mustee
musty: (aj) Having a stale odor.
mutant: (n) Something which has mutated, which has one or more new characteristics from a mutation.; Someone or something that seems strange, abnormal, or bizarre.; Synonym of mutex(aj) Of, relating to, undergoing (i.e. mutating), or resulting from change or mutation; that has undergone mutation.; Strange, abnormal, or bizarre.
mutate: (v) To undergo mutation.; To cause mutation.
mute: (aj) Not having the power of speech; dumb.; Silent; not making a sound.; Not uttered; unpronounced; silent; also, produced by complete closure of the mouth organs which interrupt the passage of breath; said of certain letters.; Not giving a ringing sound when struck; said of a metal.(n) A stopped consonant; a stop.; An actor who does not speak; a mime performer.; A person who does not have the power of speech.; A hired mourner at a funeral; an undertaker's assistant.; An object for dulling the sound of an instrument, especially a brass instrument, or damper for pianoforte; a sordine.; An electronic switch or control that mutes the sound.; A mute swan.(v) To silence, to make quiet.; To turn off the sound of.(v) Of a bird: to defecate.(n) The faeces of a hawk or falcon.(v) To cast off; to moult.
muted: (aj) Not expressed strongly or openly.; Quiet or soft.; Subdued.(v) simple past tense and past participle of mute
mutely: (av) In a mute manner.
mutes: (n) plural of mute(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of mute
mutiny: (n) An organized rebellion against a legally constituted authority, especially by seamen against their officers.; Violent commotion; tumult; strife.(v) To commit a mutiny.
mutism: (n) A psychological disorder in which the sufferer cannot speak in certain situations.
mutt: (n) A mongrel dog (or sometimes cat); an animal of mixed breed or uncertain origin.; A person of mixed racial or ethnic ancestry.; An idiot, a stupid person.; A person from the United States, in reference to sense 2.(n) Alternative form of matha
mutter: (n) A repressed or obscure utterance; an instance of muttering.(v) To utter words, especially complaints or angry expressions, indistinctly or with a low voice and lips partly closed; to say under one's breath.; To speak softly and incoherently, or with imperfect articulations.; To make a sound with a low, rumbling noise.(n) Peas.
mutton: (n) The flesh of sheep used as food.; The flesh of goat used as food.; A sheep.; Em, a unit of measurement equal to the height of the type in use.; A prostitute.; An old Anglo-French gold coin impressed with the image of a lamb.(aj) deaf.
mutual: (aj) Having the same relationship, each to each other.; Collective, done or held in common.; Reciprocal.; Possessed in common.; Owned by the members.(n) A mutual fund.; A mutual organization.; Either of a pair of people who follow each other's social media accounts.
mutule: (n) Any of the rectangular blocks under the soffit of the cornice of the Greek Doric temple, which are studded with guttae.
muumuu: (n) A long loose-fitting dress made of lightweight fabric printed with bright, stylized Hawaiian themes (such as flowers and palm branches).
muzhik: (n) Alternative spelling of mujik
muzz: (v) To study intently; to pore over.; To hang around aimlessly; to loiter.; To make muzzy or hazy; to confuse.
muzzed: (v) plural of muzz
muzzes: (v) plural of muzz
muzzle: (n) The protruding part of an animal's head which includes the nose, mouth and jaws.; A person's mouth.; A device used to prevent animal from biting or eating, which is worn on its snout.; The mouth or the end for entrance or discharge of a gun, pistol etc., that the bullet emerges from.; A piece of the forward end of the plow-beam by which the traces are attached.; An openwork covering for the nose, used for the defense of the horse, and forming part of the bards in the 15th and 16th centuries.(v) To bind or confine an animal's mouth by putting a muzzle, as to prevent it from eating or biting.; To restrain (from speaking, expressing opinion or acting); gag, silence, censor.; To veil, mask, muffle.; To fondle with the closed mouth; to nuzzle.; To bring the muzzle or mouth near.
muzzy: (aj) Blurred, hazy, indistinct, unfocussed.; Bewildered; dazed.; Tipsy; drunk; involving drunkenness.(n) A Muslim.(n) moustache
Muzzy: (N) A surname.
my: (d) First-person singular possessive determiner. See Appendix:Possessive.; Belonging to me.; First-person singular possessive determiner. See Appendix:Possessive.; Associated with me.; First-person singular possessive determiner. See Appendix:Possessive.; Related to me.; First-person singular possessive determiner. See Appendix:Possessive.; In the possession of me.(i) Used to express surprise, shock or amazement.
My: (n) megayear(P) Alternative letter-case form of my often used when speaking as God or another important figure who is understood from context.
myall: (n) A stranger; an ignorant person.; An Aborigine living according to tradition.(aj) According to Aboriginal tradition; traditionally indigenous.(n) Any of various Australian acacias, especially the weeping myall, Acacia pendula, or the wood of such trees.
Myall: (N) A surname, from Middle English.
myna: (n) One of the South and East Asian birds of the starling family Sturnidae.
myopia: (n) A disorder of the vision where distant objects appear blurred because the eye focuses their images in front of the retina instead of on it.; A lack of imagination, discernment or long-range perspective in thinking or planning.
myopic: (aj) near-sighted; unable to see distant objects unaided; shortsighted; improvident; narrow-minded(n) A short-sighted individual.
myosin: (n) Any of a large family of motor proteins found in eukaryotic tissues, allowing mobility in muscles.; An albuminous body present in dead muscle formed in the process of coagulation which takes place in rigor mortis.
myriad: (n) Ten thousand; 10,000; A countless number or multitude (of specified things)(aj) Multifaceted, having innumerable elements; Great in number; innumerable, multitudinous
myrica: (n) Any of the genus Myrica of shrubs and trees.
myrrh: (n) A red-brown resinous material, the dried sap of a tree of the species Commiphora myrrha.; The herb chervil.
myrtle: (n) An evergreen shrub or small tree of the genus Myrtus, native to southern Europe and north Africa.
Myrtle: (N) A female given name from English.
myself: (P) Me, as direct or indirect object the speaker as the object of a verb or preposition, when the speaker is also the subject.; Personally, for my part; used in apposition to I, sometimes for simple emphasis and sometimes with implicit exclusion of any others performing the activity described.; In my normal state of body or mind.; Me (as the object of a verb or preposition).; I (as the subject of a verb).; my name is...
Myself: (P) Alternative letter-case form of myself used when speaking as God or another important figure who is understood from context.
mystic: (aj) Of, or relating to mystics, mysticism or occult mysteries; mystical.; Mysterious and strange; arcane, obscure or enigmatic.(n) Someone who practices mysticism.
Mystic: (N) An unincorporated community in Nevada County, California, United States.; A ghost town in Routt County, Colorado, United States.; A village and census-designated place in New London County, Connecticut, United States.; A small city in Appanoose County, Iowa, United States.; An unincorporated community in Breckinridge County, Kentucky, United States.; An unincorporated community in Pennington County, South Dakota, United States.
myth: (n) A traditional story which embodies a belief regarding some fact or phenomenon of experience, and in which often the forces of nature and of the soul are personified; a sacred narrative regarding a god, a hero, the origin of the world or of a people, etc.; Such stories as a genre.; A commonly-held but false belief, a common misconception; a fictitious or imaginary person or thing; a popular conception about a real person or event which exaggerates or idealizes reality.; A person or thing held in excessive or quasi-religious awe or admiration based on popular legend; A person or thing existing only in imagination, or whose actual existence is not verifiable.; An invented story, theory, or concept.
mythic: (aj) Mythical; existing in myth.; Larger-than-life.
mythos: (n) Anything transmitted by word of mouth, such as a fable, legend, narrative, story, or tale (especially a poetic tale).; A story or set of stories relevant to or having a significant truth or meaning for a particular culture, religion, society, or other group; a myth, a mythology.; A set of assumptions or beliefs about something.; A recurring theme; a motif.
myths: (n) plural of myth
myxoma: (n) A tumor consisting of primitive connective tissue and mucous elements.
