q: (C) The seventeenth letter of the English alphabet, called cue and written in the Latin script.(0) The ordinal number seventeenth, derived from this letter of the English alphabet, called cue and written in the Latin script.(n) conditional qualification; question(d) Each, every (with a time interval).
Q: (C) The seventeenth letter of the English alphabet, called cue and written in the Latin script.(0) The ordinal number seventeenth, derived from this letter of the English alphabet, called cue and written in the Latin script.(n) question or questions; quarter; Quality factor; quasar; qualified; American Library Association abbreviation of quarto (“book size”).; queen; queen; Alternative letter-case form of q (“every”).(N) The pseudonym of Sir Arthur Quiller-Couch; Quran; the hypothetical common source (logion collection) of the Gospels of Matthew and Luke (from German Quelle, source); all the non-Marcan shared material in those gospels (not always considered a single document); QAnon (anonymous poster on 4chan)
qadi: (n) A civil judge in certain Islamic countries.
Qatar: (N) A country in Western Asia, in the Middle East. Official name: State of Qatar.
qibla: (n) The direction in which Muslims face while praying, currently determined as the direction of the Kaaba in Mecca.
qintar: (n) An Albanian coin equal to one hundredth of a lek.; A unit of measure, which varies in value depending upon the product measured; for example, a qintar of cotton might be 160 kg of cotton, 50 kg of cotton lint; a qintar of lime, 65 kg.
qintarka: (n) plural of qintar
qoph: (n) The nineteenth letter of many Semitic alphabets/abjads (Phoenician, Aramaic, Hebrew, Syriac, Arabic and others).
qua: (p) as; in the capacity of(i) The cawing sound of a crow.
quack: (n) The sound made by a duck.(v) To make a noise like a duck.; Of a queen bee: to make a high-pitched sound during certain stages of development.(n) A fraudulent healer or incompetent professional; especially, a doctor of medicine who makes false diagnoses or inappropriate treatment; an impostor who claims to have qualifications to practice medicine.; A charlatan.; A doctor.(v) To practice or commit quackery (fraudulent medicine).; To make vain and loud pretensions.(aj) Falsely presented as having medicinal powers.
quacks: (n) plural of quack(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of quack
quad: (n) A serving of four shots of espresso.; A kind of round-robin tournament between four players, where each participant plays every other participant once.; The Bible, Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, and Pearl of Great Price bound in a single volume.; A poster, measuring forty by thirty inches, advertising a cinematic film release.(aj) Having four shots of espresso.(n) A quadrangle (quadrangular courtyard).; A quadruplet (infant).; A quadrilateral.; The quadriceps muscle.; A quadriplegic person.; Quadruplex videotape.; A quadrupel beer.; A quadcopter.; A skate with four wheels.; Clipping of quadruple (“kind of jump in figure skating”).(aj) Of or relating to quads.(n) A quad bike (from quadricycle)(v) to ride a quad bike(n) A blank metal block used to fill short lines of type.; A joke used to fill long days of setting type.; A keyboard command which aligns text with the left or right margin, or centred between them. In combination, as quad left, quad right, or quad centre.(v) To fill spaces in a line of type with quads. Also quad out.; To align text with the left or right margin, or centre it.
Quad: (N) An informal strategic forum between the United States, Japan, Australia, and India, focused on Asian security matters.; A grouping of the United States, Japan, Australia, and India.(N) A coalition committee that resolved party disputes during the Cameron–Clegg coalition.
quaff: (v) To drink or imbibe with vigour or relish; to drink copiously; to swallow in large draughts.(n) The act of quaffing; a deep draught.(n) Misspelling of coif.
quag: (n) quagmire; marsh; bog.
quagga: (n) A southern-African subspecies of zebra, Equus quagga quagga, which went extinct in 1883. The upper parts of the animal were reddish brown, becoming paler behind and beneath, while the face, neck, and fore part of the body were marked by dark stripes.
quaggy: (aj) Resembling a quagmire; marshy, miry.; Soft or flabby (of a person etc.).
Quaggy: (N) A short river that passes through the London boroughs of Bromley, Greenwich and Lewisham.
quahog: (n) An edible clam with a hard shell found along the Atlantic Coast of North America, from species Mercenaria mercenaria, formerly Venus mercenaria.; The largest size of such an edible clam, generally considered only fit for use in chowders and other clam dishes.; A similar edible clam found along coasts around the North Atlantic, generally in deeper waters, the ocean quahog, black quahog, mahogany clam or Icelandic cyprine, Arctica islandica(v) To dig for quahogs.
quail: (v) To waste away; to fade, to wither; To daunt or frighten (someone); To lose heart or courage; to be daunted or fearful.; Of courage, faith, etc.: to slacken, to give way.(n) Any of various small game birds of the genera Coturnix, Anurophasis or Perdicula in the Old World family Phasianidae or of the New World family Odontophoridae.; The meat from this bird eaten as food.; A prostitute, so called because the quail was thought to be a very amorous bird.(v) To curdle or coagulate, as milk does.
Quail: (N) A surname, from Scottish Gaelic.
quails: (n) plural of quail(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of quail
quaint: (aj) Of a person: cunning, crafty.; Cleverly made; artfully contrived.; Strange or odd; unusual.; Overly discriminating or needlessly meticulous; fastidious; prim.; Pleasingly unusual; especially, having old-fashioned charm.(n) The vulva.
quake: (n) A trembling or shaking.; An earthquake, a trembling of the ground with force.(v) To tremble or shake.; To be in a state of fear, shock, amazement, etc., such as might cause one to tremble.
Quake: (N) The 99th sura (chapter) of the Qur'an.
quaked: (v) simple past tense and past participle of quake
quaker: (n) Any of various lycaenid butterflies of the genus Pithecops.
Quaker: (n) A believer of the Quaker faith and a member of the Society of Friends, known for their pacifist views.(n) One who plays any Quake games.
quaky: (aj) Inclined to quake; tremulous.
quale: (n) An instance of subjective, conscious experience.
Quale: (N) A surname.
qualm: (n) A feeling of apprehension, doubt, fear etc.; A sudden sickly feeling; queasiness.; A prick of the conscience; a moral scruple, a pang of guilt.; Mortality; plague; pestilence.; A calamity or disaster.(v) To have a sickly feeling.
qualms: (n) plural of qualm
quant: (n) A quantitative analyst.; Short for quantity.; Short for quantifier.(aj) Short for quantifiable.; Short for quantitative.(n) A punting pole with a broad flange near the end to prevent it from sinking into the mud; a setting pole.; A vertical shaft used to drive a millstone.(v) To propel using a quant.
Quant: (N) A surname, from Middle English.
quare: (aj) queer, strange (suggesting an Irish accent); (used to suggest emphasis such as "a lot of" or "very" (suggesting an Irish accent).)
quark: (n) In the Standard Model, an elementary subatomic particle that forms matter. They combine to form hadrons, such as protons and neutrons.; An integer that uniquely identifies a text string.(n) A soft creamy cheese, eaten throughout northern, central, eastern, and southeastern Europe as well as the Low Countries, very similar to cottage cheese except that it is usually not made with rennet.(n) The black-crowned night heron, Nycticorax nycticorax.
quarry: (n) A site for mining stone, limestone, or slate.(v) To obtain (or mine) stone by extraction from a quarry.; To extract or slowly obtain by long, tedious searching.(n) A part of the entrails of a hunted animal, given to the hounds as a reward.; An animal, often a bird or mammal, which is hunted.; An object of search or pursuit.(v) To secure prey; to prey, as a vulture or harpy.(n) A diamond-shaped tile or pane, often of glass or stone.
quart: (n) A unit of liquid capacity equal to two pints; one-fourth (quarter) of a gallon. Equivalent to 1.136 liters in the UK and 0.946 liter (liquid quart) or 1.101 liters (dry quart) in the U.S.; Four successive cards of the same suit.; A fourth; a quarter; hence, a region of the earth.
quarto: (n) A size of paper (7.5"-10" x 10"-12.5" or 190-254 x 254-312 mm). Formed by folding and cutting one of several standard sizes of paper (15"-20" x 20"-25" or 381-508 x 508-635 mm) twice to form 4 leaves (eight sides).; Quarto writing paper (10 inches x 8 inches); A book size, corresponding to the paper size.
quarts: (n) plural of quart
quartz: (n) The most abundant mineral on the earth's surface, of chemical composition silicon dioxide, SiO₂. It occurs in a variety of forms, both crystalline and amorphous. Found in every environment.; Crystal meth: methamphetamine hydrochloride.
quasar: (n) An extragalactic object, starlike in appearance, that is among the most luminous and (putatively) the most distant objects in the universe.
quash: (v) To defeat decisively, to suppress.; To crush or dash to pieces.; To void or suppress (a subpoena, decision, etc.).
quasi: (aj) resembling or having a likeness to something
quass: (n) Alternative spelling of kvass(v) to drink deeply; to quaff.
quatre: (n) A card, die, or domino with four spots or pips.
quaver: (n) A trembling shake.; A trembling of the voice, as in speaking or singing.; an eighth note, drawn as a crotchet (quarter note) with a tail.(v) To shake in a trembling manner.; To use the voice in a trembling manner, as in speaking or singing.; To utter quaveringly.
quay: (n) A stone or concrete structure on navigable water used for loading and unloading vessels; a wharf.(v) To land or tie up at a quay or similar structure, especially used in the phrase "quay up".(aj) Alternative spelling of qway (“far”)(av) Alternative spelling of qway (“far”)
Quay: (N) A surname.
quays: (n) plural of quay
quean: (n) A woman, now especially an impudent or disreputable woman; a prostitute.; A young woman, a girl; a daughter.
queasy: (aj) Experiencing or causing nausea or uneasiness, often characterized by an unsettled stomach.; Easily troubled; squeamish.
Quebec: (N) A province in eastern Canada.; The capital city of the province of Quebec, Canada.; The letter Q in the ICAO spelling alphabet.
Quebecs: (n) plural Quebec
queen: (n) The wife, consort, or widow of a king.; A female monarch.; A woman whose pre-eminence, power, or forcefulness is comparable to that of a queen.; The Virgin Mary (especially in formulations such as Queen of Heaven, Queen of Glory).; A woman whose pre-eminence, power, or forcefulness is comparable to that of a queen.; An excellent woman.; A woman whose pre-eminence, power, or forcefulness is comparable to that of a queen.; A woman pre-eminent in a particular group or field.; A woman whose pre-eminence, power, or forcefulness is comparable to that of a queen.; An attractive woman; a female partner in a romantic relationship.; Something regarded as the greatest of its kind or as having pre-eminence or power comparable to that of a queen over a given area.; Referring to one of several items used in tabletop games:; A chess piece that, under contemporary rules, is the most powerful, able to move any number of spaces horizontally, vertically, or diagonally.; Referring to one of several items used in tabletop games:; A playing card with a depiction of a queen on it, generally ranking next below the king and above the jack in a given suit.; Referring to one of several items used in tabletop games:; A red disk that is the most valuable piece in the Asian game of carrom.; s around the queen (sense 6) of the hive, marked with a pink dot]] A reproductive female insect in a hive, such as an ant, bee, termite or wasp.; A queen apple.; A queen scallop.; Ellipsis of queen post.; A homosexual man, especially one regarded as effeminate. (See usage notes.); An adult female cat capable of breeding.; Ellipsis of queen olive.; Ellipsis of drag queen.; Pertaining to a queen-size bed or queen-size bedding.; A monarch butterfly (Danaus spp., especially Danaus gilippus).(v) To act the part of a queen; to behave imperiously; to queen it.; To make a queen or (figuratively) to give the status of a queen.; To promote a pawn, usually to a queen.; To be the queen bee of a colony.; To provide with a new queen bee.; To sit on a person’s face to receive oral sex, typically while straddling the person’s head.
Queen: (N) Alternative letter-case form of queen (“consort or widow of a king”).; Alternative letter-case form of queen (“female monarch”).; A title used before the personal name of a queen.; Alternative letter-case form of queen (“Virgin Mary”).; In Commonwealth realms, the personification of the Crown, particularly in legal matters.; A surname, from nicknames, originating as a nickname.
queens: (n) plural of queen(n) A pair of queens.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of queen
Queens: (N) A surname.(N) plural of Queen (a surname)(N) A borough of New York City, New York, United States, one of five, situated on Long Island, north of Brooklyn, west of Nassau county.; Ellipsis of Queens County; Queens County, a county of New York, United States, which is coterminous with the borough of Queens.; Misspelling of Queen's, referring to the Queen's College, Oxford.; Misspelling of Queens', referring to Queens' College, Cambridge.
queer: (aj) Weird, odd or different; whimsical.; Slightly unwell (mainly in "to feel queer").; Drunk.; Homosexual.; Not heterosexual, or not cisgender: homosexual, bisexual, asexual, transgender, etc.; Pertaining to sexual or gender behaviour or identity which does not conform to conventional heterosexual or cisgender norms, assumptions etc.(n) A person who is or appears homosexual, or who has homosexual qualities.; A person of any non-heterosexual sexuality or sexual identity.; A person of any genderqueer identity.; Counterfeit money.(v) To render an endeavor or agreement ineffective or null.; To puzzle.; To ridicule; to banter; to rally.; To spoil the effect or success of, as by ridicule; to throw a wet blanket on; to spoil.; To reevaluate or reinterpret (a work) with an eye to sexual orientation and/or to gender, as by applying queer theory.; To make a work more appealing or attractive to LGBT and genderfluid people, such as by not having strict genders for playable characters.(av) Queerly.
quell: (v) To subdue, put down, or silence (someone or something); to force (someone) to submit.; To suppress, to put an end to (something); to extinguish.; To kill.; To be subdued or abated; to diminish.; To die.(n) A subduing.(n) A source, especially a spring.; An emotion or sensation which rises suddenly.
quench: (v) To satisfy, especially an actual or figurative thirst.; To extinguish or put out (as a fire or light).; To cool rapidly by dipping into a bath of coolant, as a blacksmith quenching hot iron.; To terminate or greatly diminish (a chemical reaction) by destroying or deforming the remaining reagents.; To rapidly change the parameters of a physical system.; To rapidly terminate the operation of a superconducting electromagnet by causing part or all of the magnet's windings to enter the normal, resistive state.(n) The abnormal termination of operation of a superconducting magnet, occurring when part of the superconducting coil enters the normal (resistive) state.; A rapid change of the parameters of a physical system.
quern: (n) A mill for grinding corn, especially a hand-mill made of two circular stones.(v) To grind; to use a quern.
query: (n) A question, an inquiry (US), an enquiry (UK).; A question mark.; A set of instructions passed to a database.(v) To ask a question.; To ask, inquire.; To question or call into doubt.; To pass a set of instructions to a database to retrieve information from it.; To send a private message to (a user on IRC).; To send out a query letter.
Query: (N) A surname.
quest: (n) A journey or effort in pursuit of a goal (often lengthy, ambitious, or fervent); a mission.; The act of seeking, or looking after anything; attempt to find or obtain; search; pursuit.; Request; desire; solicitation.; A group of people making search or inquiry.; Inquest; jury of inquest.(v) To seek or pursue a goal; to undertake a mission or job.; To search for; to examine.; To locate and attach to a host animal.
Quest: (N) A surname, from German.
queue: (n) A line of people, vehicles or other objects, in which one at the front end is dealt with first, the one behind is dealt with next, and so on, and which newcomers join at the opposite end (the back).; A waiting list or other means of organizing people or objects into a first-come-first-served order.; A data structure in which objects are added to one end, called the tail, and removed from the other, called the head (in the case of a FIFO queue). The term can also refer to a LIFO queue or stack where these ends coincide.; An animal's tail.; A men's hairstyle with a braid or ponytail at the back of the head, such as that worn by men in Imperial China.(v) To put oneself or itself at the end of a waiting line.; To arrange themselves into a physical waiting queue.; To add to a queue data structure.; To fasten the hair into a queue.
queues: (n) plural of queue(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of queue
quiche: (n) A pie made primarily of eggs and cream in a pastry crust. Other ingredients such as chopped meat or vegetables are often added to the eggs before the quiche is baked.(aj) Extremely appealing to look at; sexually alluring.
quick: (aj) Moving with speed, rapidity or swiftness, or capable of doing so; rapid; fast.; Occurring in a short time; happening or done rapidly.; Lively, fast-thinking, witty, intelligent.; Mentally agile, alert, perceptive.; Of temper: easily aroused to anger; quick-tempered.; Alive, living.; Pregnant, especially at the stage where the foetus's movements can be felt; figuratively, alive with some emotion or feeling.; Of water: flowing.; Burning, flammable, fiery.; Fresh; bracing; sharp; keen.; productive; not "dead" or barren(av) Quickly, in a quick manner.(n) Raw or sensitive flesh, especially that underneath finger and toe nails.; Plants used in making a quickset hedge; The life; the mortal point; a vital part; a part susceptible to serious injury or keen feeling.; Quitchgrass.; A fast bowler.(v) To amalgamate surfaces prior to gilding or silvering by dipping them into a solution of mercury in nitric acid.; To quicken.
Quick: (N) A surname.
quid: (n) The inherent nature of something.; A section of the Democratic-Republican Party between 1805 and 1811 (from tertium quid).(n) A sovereign or guinea.; pound sterling (only used with a whole number of pounds); various national currencies typically known by the name "pound"; euro; dollar, dollars(n) A piece of chewing tobacco.; the act of chewing such tobacco(v) To chew tobacco; To let food drop from the mouth whilst chewing
quidam: (n) A nobody; a person of no importance.
quiet: (aj) With little or no sound; free of disturbing noise.; Having little motion or activity; calm.; Not busy, of low quantity.; Not talking much or not talking loudly; reserved.; Not showy; undemonstrative.; Requiring little or no interaction.(v) To cause (someone or something) to become quiet.; To become quiet or calm.(n) The absence of sound; quietness.; The absence of movement; stillness, tranquility.; The absence of disturbance or trouble; peace, security.(i) Be quiet.
quiff: (n) A puff or whiff, especially of tobacco smoke.(n) A trick or ploy; a stratagem.(n) A hairstyle whereby the forelock is brushed and/or gelled upward, often associated with the styles of the 1950s.(v) To arrange (the hair) in such a manner.(n) A young girl, especially as promiscuous; a prostitute.; The vulva or vagina.
quill: (n) The lower shaft of a feather, specifically the region lacking barbs.; A pen made from a feather.; Any pen.; A sharply pointed, barbed, and easily detached needle-like structure that grows on the skin of a porcupine or hedgehog as a defense against predators.; A thin piece of bark, especially of cinnamon or cinchona, curled up into a tube.; The pen of a squid.; The plectrum with which musicians strike the strings of certain instruments.; The tube of a musical instrument.; Something having the form of a quill, such as the fold or plain of a ruff, or (weaving) a spindle, or spool, upon which the thread for the woof is wound in a shuttle.(v) To pierce or be pierced with quills.; To write.; To form fabric into small, rounded folds.; To decorate with quillwork.; To subject (a woman who is giving birth) to the practice of quilling (blowing pepper into her nose to induce or hasten labor).
Quill: (N) A surname.
quills: (n) plural of quill
quilt: (n) A bed covering consisting of two layers of fabric stitched together, with insulation between, often having a decorative design.; A roll of material with sound-absorbing properties, used in soundproofing.; A quilted skirt worn by women.(v) To construct a quilt.; To construct something, such as clothing, using the same technique.; To beat or thrash.
quilts: (n) plural of quilt(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of quilt
quin: (n) A quintuplet.(n) A European scallop, Pecten opercularis, used as food.
Quin: (N) A surname.
quince: (n) The pear-shaped fruit of a small tree of the rose family, Cydonia oblonga.; The deciduous tree bearing such fruit, native to Asia.; A soft yellow colour, like that of a quince.
Quince: (N) A surname.
Quinn: (N) A surname, from Irish, derived from the Irish Ó Coinn "descendant of Chief".; A male given name transferred from the surname.; A female given name transferred from the surname, of occasional 1990s and later usage.; An unincorporated community in Caldwell County, Kentucky.; A ghost town in Macomb County, Michigan.; An unincorporated community in Putnam County, Missouri.; A tiny town in Pennington County, South Dakota.
quinol: (n) Synonym of hydroquinone
quinsy: (n) A peritonsillar abscess; a painful pus-filled inflammation or abscess of the tonsils and surrounding tissues, usually a complication of tonsillitis, caused by bacterial infection and often accompanied by fever.
quint: (n) An interval of one fifth.; The E string of a violin.; In piquet, a sequence of five playing cards of the same suit; equivalent to a straight flush in poker; a quin or quintuplet.; A vehicle used by firefighters that combines the capabilities of a fire engine and a fire truck, having the ability to provide vertical access as well as pump water to fight a fire.; quinte; the fifth fencer in parrying or attacking position.
Quint: (N) A male given name; A nickname for Quinton
quinte: (n) The fifth defensive position, with the sword hand held at waist height, and the tip of the sword at knee height.
Quinte: (N) Synonym of Bay of Quinte
quintes: (n) plural of quinte
quinze: (n) An old French card game of Spanish origin, players attempting to make fifteen points.
quinzes: (n) plural of quinze
quip: (n) A smart, sarcastic turn or jest; a taunt; a severe retort or comeback; a gibe.(v) To make a quip.; To taunt; to treat with quips.
quips: (n) plural of quip(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of quip
quipu: (n) A recording device, used by the Incas, consisting of intricate knotted cords.
quire: (n) One-twentieth of a ream of paper; a collection of twenty-four or twenty-five sheets of paper of the same size and quality, unfolded or having a single fold.; A set of leaves which are stitched together, originally a set of four pieces of paper (eight leaves, sixteen pages). This is most often a single signature (i.e. group of four), but may be several nested signatures.; A book, poem, or pamphlet.(v) To prepare quires by stitching together leaves of paper.(n) A choir.; One quarter of a cruciform church, or the architectural area of a church used by the choir, often near the apse.(v) To sing in concert.
quirk: (n) an idiosyncrasy; a slight glitch, mannerism; something unusual about the manner or style of something or someone; An acute angle dividing a molding; a groove that runs lengthwise between the upper part of a moulding and a soffit; A quibble, evasion, or subterfuge.(v) To move with a wry jerk.; To furnish with a quirk or channel.; To use verbal tricks or quibbles
Quirk: (N) A surname.
quirt: (n) A rawhide whip plaited with two thongs of buffalo hide.(v) To strike with a quirt.
quit: (aj) Released from obligation, penalty, etc; free, clear, or rid.(v) To pay (a debt, fine etc.).; To repay (someone) for (something).; To repay, pay back (a good deed, injury etc.).; To conduct or acquit (oneself); to behave (in a specified way).; To carry through; to go through to the end.; To set at rest; to free, as from anything harmful or oppressive; to relieve; to clear; to liberate.; To release from obligation, accusation, penalty, etc.; to absolve; to acquit.; To abandon, renounce (a thing).; To leave (a place).; To resign from (a job, office, position, etc.).; To stop, give up (an activity) (usually + gerund or verbal noun).; To close (an application).(n) Any of numerous species of small passerine birds native to tropical America.
quite: (av) To the greatest extent or degree; completely, entirely.; With verbs, especially past participles.; To the greatest extent or degree; completely, entirely.; With prepositional phrases and spatial adverbs.; To the greatest extent or degree; completely, entirely.; With predicative adjectives.; To the greatest extent or degree; completely, entirely.; With attributive adjectives, following an (especially indefinite) article; chiefly as expressing contrast, difference etc.; To the greatest extent or degree; completely, entirely.; Preceding nouns introduced by the indefinite article. Chiefly in negative constructions.; To the greatest extent or degree; completely, entirely.; With adverbs of manner.; In a fully justified sense; truly, perfectly, actually.; Coming before the indefinite article and an attributive adjective. (Now largely merged with moderative senses, below.); In a fully justified sense; truly, perfectly, actually.; With plain adjectives, past participles, and adverbs.; In a fully justified sense; truly, perfectly, actually.; Coming before the definite article and an attributive superlative.; In a fully justified sense; truly, perfectly, actually.; Before a noun preceded by an indefinite article; now often with ironic implications that the noun in question is particularly noteworthy or remarkable.; In a fully justified sense; truly, perfectly, actually.; Before a noun preceded by the definite article.; In a fully justified sense; truly, perfectly, actually.; With prepositional or adverbial phrases.; To a moderate extent or degree; somewhat, rather.(i) Indicates agreement; exactly so.(n) A series of passes made with the cape to distract the bull.
quited: (v) plural of quite
quiting: (v) plural of quite
Quito: (N) The capital city of Ecuador.
quits: (aj) On equal monetary terms; neither owing or being owed.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of quit(n) plural of quit
quiver: (n) A container for arrows, crossbow bolts or darts, such as those fired from a bow, crossbow or blowgun.; A ready storage location for figurative tools or weapons.; The collective noun for cobras.; A multidigraph.(aj) Nimble, active.(v) To shake or move with slight and tremulous motion
Quiver: (N) Ellipsis of Quiver Creek: A creek in Illinois, United States
quiz: (n) An odd, puzzling or absurd person or thing.; One who questions or interrogates; a prying person.; A competition in the answering of questions.; A school examination of less importance, or of greater brevity, than others given in the same course.(v) To hoax; to chaff or mock with pretended seriousness of discourse; to make sport of, as by obscure questions.; To peer at; to eye suspiciously or mockingly.; To question (someone) closely, to interrogate.; To instruct (someone) by means of a quiz.; To play with a quiz.
Qumran: (N) A region on the northwestern shore of the Dead Sea in the West Bank, where the Dead Sea Scrolls were discovered.
quo: (v) quoth
quod: (n) A quadrangle or court, as of a prison; a prison.; Confinement in a prison.(v) To confine in prison.(v) Quoth.
quoin: (n) Any of the corner building blocks of a building, usually larger or more ornate than the surrounding blocks.; The keystone of an arch.; A metal wedge which fits into the space between the type and the edge of a chase, and is tightened to fix the metal type in place.; A form of wedge used to prevent casks from moving; A wedge of wood or iron put under the breech of heavy guns or the muzzle of siege-mortars to raise them to the proper level.; A number of apple varieties with a distinctive ribbed appearance, like corners of a coin.(v) To wedge or steady with quoins.
quoit: (n) A flat disc of metal or stone thrown at a target in the game of quoits.; A ring of rubber or rope similarly used in the game of deck-quoits.; The flat stone covering a cromlech.; An ancient burial mound, synonymous with dolmen.; The discus used in ancient sports.(v) To play quoits.; To throw like quoit.
quoits: (n) plural of quoit(n) A competitive game in which players throw rings, aiming to land them over vertical sticks.
quorum: (n) The minimum number of members required for a group to officially conduct business and to cast votes, often but not necessarily a majority or supermajority.; A selected body of persons.
quota: (n) A proportional part or share; the share or proportion assigned to each in a division.; A prescribed number or percentage that may serve as, for example, a maximum, a minimum, or a goal.; A restriction on the import of something to a specific quantity.
quotas: (n) plural of quota
quote: (n) A quotation; a statement attributed to a person.; A quotation mark.; A summary of work to be done with a set price.; A price set for a financial security or commodity.(v) To repeat (the exact words of a person).; To prepare a summary of work to be done and set a price.; To name the current price, notably of a financial security.; To indicate verbally or by equivalent means the start of a quotation.; To observe, to take account of.
quoted: (v) simple past tense and past participle of quote
quotes: (n) plural of quote; Quotation marks.(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of quote
quoth: (v) simple past tense of quethe; said(v) To say.
quotha: (i) Forsooth; indeed.
