v: (C) The twenty-second letter of the English alphabet, called vee and written in the Latin script.(n) a shape resembling the letter v(av) Clipping of very.
V: (C) The twenty-second letter of the English alphabet, called vee and written in the Latin script.(n) The resin identification code for polyvinyl chloride, also PVC.; Vagina.; Anything shaped like a V; synonym: vee.; A flying skein of geese which have placed themselves in a V-shaped formation.(S) Viscount; Viscountess
Vaal: (N) A river in South Africa
Vaasa: (N) A city in Finland.
vacant: (aj) Not occupied; empty.; Showing no intelligence or interest.
vacate: (v) To move out of a dwelling, either by choice or by eviction.; To leave an office or position.; To have a court judgement set aside; to annul.; To leave an area, usually as a result of orders from public authorities in the event of a riot or natural disaster.
vacua: (n) plural of vacuum
vacuum: (n) A region of space that contains no matter.; A vacuum cleaner.; The condition of rarefaction, or reduction of pressure below that of the atmosphere, in a vessel, such as the condenser of a steam engine, which is nearly exhausted of air or steam, etc.; A spacetime having tensors of zero magnitude.; An emptiness in life created by a loss of a person who was close, or of an occupation.(v) To clean (something) with a vacuum cleaner.; To use a vacuum cleaner.; To optimise a database or database table by physically removing deleted tuples.
vadose: (aj) Of or pertaining to water beneath the surface of the earth which is located above the level of the permanent groundwater.
vagal: (aj) Of or relating to the vagus nerve.
vagary: (n) An erratic, unpredictable occurrence or action.; Something vague.; An impulsive or illogical desire; a caprice or whim.
vagina: (n) The passage leading from the opening of the vulva to the cervix of the uterus for copulation and childbirth in female mammals.; A similar part in some invertebrates.; A sheathlike structure, such as the leaf of a grass that surrounds a stem.; The vulva, or the vulva and the vaginal passage collectively.
vagrom: (aj) Vagrant.(n) vagrant
vague: (aj) Not clearly expressed; stated in indefinite terms.; Not having a precise meaning.; Not clearly defined, grasped, or understood; indistinct; slight.; Not clearly felt or sensed; somewhat subconscious.; Not thinking or expressing one’s thoughts clearly or precisely.; Lacking expression; vacant.; Not sharply outlined; hazy.; Wandering; vagrant; vagabond.(n) A wandering; a vagary.; An indefinite expanse.(v) to wander; to roam; to stray.; To become vague or act in a vague manner.; To make vague negative comments publicly; to complain about a situation or insult a person without specifying them.
vagues: (n) plural of vague(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of vague
vagus: (n) A homeless person or vagrant.; Ellipsis of vagus nerve.
vail: (n) Profit; return; proceeds.; Money given to servants by visitors; a gratuity; also vale.(n) Submission.(v) To lower, let fall; to allow or cause to sink.; To lower or “dip” a carried flag or banner in a salute by a forward reducing of the angle of the pike/flagstaff with respect to the ground; in extreme instances, as when saluting a monarch, both the banner and the finial of the pike are allowed to rest upon the ground.; To lower a sail, in salute or otherwise.; To remove as a sign of deference, as a hat.; To pay homage, bow, submit, defer (to someone or something); to yield, give way (to something).(n) Archaic form of veil.; Misspelling of veil.(v) Archaic form of veil.; Misspelling of veil.
Vail: (N) A surname.; A census-designated place in Arizona; A town in Colorado; A city in Iowa
vain: (aj) Overly proud of oneself, especially concerning appearance; having a high opinion of one's own accomplishments with slight reason.; Having no real substance, value, or importance; empty; void; worthless; unsatisfying.; Effecting no purpose; pointless, futile.; Showy; ostentatious.
vainly: (av) In a vain pursuit; to no avail.; With a vain attitude; in a self-approving manner.
vair: (n) A type of fur from a squirrel with a black back and white belly, much used on garments in the Middle Ages.; An heraldic fur formed by a regular tessellation of bell shapes in two colours, (for example in the image, blue and white).
Vaisya: (n) Alternative form of Vaishya
val: (n) Valium.
Val: (N) A male given name, a short form of Valentine and Valerius.; A female given name, a short form of Valerie.(n) Clipping of Valley girl.
vale: (n) A valley.(i) Farewell.
Vale: (N) Port Vale FC.(N) An unincorporated community in Avery County, North Carolina, United States.; A small area in Catawba County, North Carolina, United States.; An unincorporated community in Lincoln County, North Carolina, United States.; A city, the county seat of Malheur County, Oregon, United States.; A census-designated place in Butte County, South Dakota, United States.; An unincorporated community in Greenbrier County, West Virginia, United States.(N) A surname.
valent: (aj) Having valence.
vales: (n) plural of vale
valet: (n) A man's personal male attendant, responsible for his clothes and appearance.; A hotel employee performing such duties for guests.; A female performer in professional wrestling, acting as either a manager or personal chaperone; often used to attract and titillate male members of the audience.; A female chaperone who accompanies a man, and is usually not married to him.; A person employed to clean or park cars.; A person employed to assist the jockey and trainer at a racecourse.; A wooden stand on which to hold clothes and accessories in preparation for dressing.; A kind of goad or stick with an iron point.(v) To serve (someone) as a valet.; To clean and service (a car), as a valet does.; To leave (a car) with a valet to park it.
valets: (n) plural of valet
valgus: (aj) knock-kneed (having the distal part of a limb displaced or twisted away from the midline of the body)
valguses: (n) plural of valgus
valid: (aj) Well grounded or justifiable, pertinent.; Acceptable, proper or correct; in accordance with the rules.; Related to the current topic, or presented within context, relevant.; Of a formula or system: such that it evaluates to true regardless of the input values.; Of an argument: whose conclusion is always true whenever its premises are true.; Genuine - as distinguished from efficient or regular - sacrament.
valider: (adj) plural of valid
valine: (n) An essential amino acid 2-amino-3-methylbutanoic acid found in most animal proteins.
valise: (n) A piece of hand luggage such as a suitcase or travelling bag.
valley: (n) An elongated depression between hills or mountains, often with a river flowing through it.; The area which drains into a river.; Any structure resembling one, e.g. the interior angle formed by the intersection of two sloping roof planes.
Valley: (N) A surname, from landforms.; A placename; A community in Colchester, Nova Scotia, Canada; A placename; A city in Nebraska, United States; A placename; A village and community in Anglesey, Wales, United Kingdom (OS grid ref SH2979).(N) Ellipsis of San Fernando Valley; A valley of southern California, United States
valor: (n) Value; worth.; Strength of mind in regard to danger; that quality which enables a person to encounter danger with firmness
valour: (n) Individually sustained verve or passion.; Value; worth.; Strength of mind in regard to danger; the quality which enables a person to encounter danger with firmness; A brave man; a man of valour.
valse: (n) Archaic form of waltz.(v) Archaic form of waltz.
value: (n) The quality (positive or negative) that renders something desirable or valuable.; The degree of importance given to something.; That which is valued or highly esteemed, such as one's morals, morality, or belief system.; The amount (of money or goods or services) that is considered to be a fair equivalent for something else.; The relative duration of a musical note.; The relative darkness or lightness of a color in (a specific area of) a painting etc.; Any definite numerical quantity or other mathematical object, determined by being measured, computed, or otherwise defined.; Precise meaning; import.; The valuable ingredients to be obtained by treating a mass or compound; specifically, the precious metals contained in rock, gravel, etc.; Esteem; regard.; Valour; also spelled valew.(v) To estimate the value of; judge the worth of something.; To fix or determine the value of; assign a value to, as of jewelry or art work.; To regard highly; think much of; place importance upon.; To hold dear.
valued: (aj) Having a value, esteemed.(v) simple past tense and past participle of value
valuer: (n) A person who valuates; an assessor or appraiser.; A person who appreciates something and sets a value on it.
values: (n) plural of value(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of value
valval: (aj) valvular
valve: (n) A device that controls the flow of a gas or fluid through a pipe.; A device that admits fuel and air into the cylinder of an internal combustion engine, or one that allows combustion gases to exit.; One or more membranous partitions, flaps, or folds, which permit the passage of the contents of a vessel or cavity in one direction, but stop or control the flow in the opposite direction; One of the leaves of a folding-door, or a window-sash.; A vacuum tube.; One of the pieces into which certain fruits naturally separate when they dehisce.; A small portion of certain anthers, which opens like a trapdoor to allow the pollen to escape, such as in the barberry.; One of the pieces or divisions of bivalve or multivalve shells.; One of the two similar portions of the shell of a diatom.(v) To control (flow) by means of a valve.
valves: (n) plural of valve(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of valve
vamp: (n) The top part of a boot or shoe, above the sole and welt and in front of the ankle seam, that covers the instep and toes; the front part of an upper; the analogous part of a stocking.; Something added to give an old thing a new appearance.; Something patched up, pieced together, improvised, or refurbished.; A repeated and often improvised accompaniment, usually consisting of one or two measures, often a single chord or simple chord progression, repeated as necessary, for example, to accommodate dialogue or to anticipate the entrance of a soloist.; An activity or speech intended to fill or stall for time.(v) To patch, repair, or refurbish.; Often as vamp up: to fabricate or put together (something) from existing material, or by adding new material to something existing.; To cobble together, to extemporize, to improvise.; To perform a vamp (“a repeated, often improvised accompaniment, for example, under dialogue or while waiting for a soloist to be ready”).; To attach a vamp (to footwear).; To travel by foot; to walk.; To delay or stall for time, as for an audience.(n) A flirtatious, seductive woman, especially one who exploits men by using their sexual desire for her.; A vampire.(v) To seduce or exploit someone.; To turn into a vampire.(n) A volunteer firefighter.
van: (n) A covered vehicle used for carrying goods or people, usually roughly cuboid in shape, longer and higher than a car but smaller than a truck/lorry.; An enclosed railway vehicle for transport of goods.; A light wagon, either covered or open, used by tradesmen and others for the transportation of goods.; A large towable vehicle equipped for the repair of structures that cannot easily be moved.(v) To transport in a van or similar vehicle (especially of horses).; Of law enforcement: to arrest (not necessarily in a van; derived from party van).(n) Clipping of vanguard.(n) A shovel used in cleansing ore.(v) To wash or cleanse, as a small portion of ore, on a shovel.(n) A fan or other contrivance, such as a sieve, for winnowing grain.; A wing with which the air is beaten.
Van: (N) A diminutive of the male given names Vance, Ivan, or Evan.(N) A diminutive of the female given name Vanessa.(N) A large saline tectonic lake of the Armenian Highland in eastern Turkey lakes, famous for its Chalcalburnus tarichi (syn. Alburnus tarichi) fish and the 10th century Armenian cathedral on Akhtamar Island.; A city on the shore of that lake.(n) A Van cat.; A Turkish Van cat.
vandal: (n) A person who needlessly destroys, defaces, or damages other people's property.
Vandal: (n) A member of an ancient east Germanic tribe famous for sacking Rome.(aj) Of or relating to the Vandals.(N) An extinct East Germanic language ascribed to have been spoken by the Vandals.
vane: (n) A weather vane.; Any of several usually relatively thin, rigid, flat, or sometimes curved surfaces radially mounted along an axis, as a blade in a turbine or a sail on a windmill, that is turned by or used to turn a fluid.; The flattened, web-like part of a feather, consisting of a series of barbs on either side of the shaft.; A sight on a sextant or compass.; One of the metal guidance or stabilizing fins attached to the tail of a bomb or other missile.
Vane: (N) A surname.
vanes: (n) plural of vane
Vanes: (N) plural of Vane
vang: (v) To take; undertake for.; To undertake for at the baptismal font; be godfather or godmother to.(n) A line extended down from the end of a yard or a gaff, used to regulate its position(v) To flatten the sail and regulate its position with such a line.
Vang: (N) A Hmong surname, from Hmong languages of Chinese origin.
vanish: (v) To become invisible or to move out of view unnoticed.; To become equal to zero.; to disappear; to kidnap(n) The brief terminal part of a vowel or vocal element, differing more or less in quality from the main part.; A magic trick in which something seems to disappear.
vanity: (n) That which is vain, futile, or worthless; that which is of no value, use or profit.; Excessive pride in or admiration of one's own abilities, appearance or achievements.; A dressing table used to apply makeup, preen, and coif hair. The table is normally quite low and similar to a desk, with drawers and one or more mirrors on top. Either a chair or bench is used to sit upon.; A washbasin installed into a permanently fixed storage unit, used as an item of bathroom furniture.; Emptiness.; Any idea, theory or statement that is without foundation.
vans: (n) plural of van(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of van
Vans: (n) plural of Van
vant: (v) Pronunciation spelling of want.
vapid: (aj) Offering nothing that is stimulating or challenging.; Lifeless, dull, or banal.; Tasteless, bland, or insipid.
vapor: (n) Cloudy diffused matter such as mist, steam or fumes suspended in the air.; The gaseous state of a substance that is normally a solid or liquid.; Something insubstantial, fleeting, or transitory; unreal fancy; vain imagination; idle talk; boasting.; Any medicinal agent designed for administration in the form of inhaled vapour.; Hypochondria; melancholy; the blues; hysteria, or other nervous disorder.; Wind; flatulence.(v) To become vapor; to be emitted or circulated as vapor.; To turn into vapor.; To emit vapor or fumes.; To use insubstantial language; to boast or bluster.; To give (someone) the vapors; to depress, to bore.
vaporier: (adj) plural of vapory
vaporiest: (adj) plural of vapory
vapors: (n) plural of vapor(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of vapor
vapory: (aj) Resembling vapor; vaporous.; Characterized by the presence of vapor; full of, or obscured by, vapor.
vapour: (n) British standard spelling of vapor.(v) British standard spelling of vapor.
var: (n) A unit of electrical power, in an AC circuit, equal to the power dissipated when 1 volt produces a current of 1 ampere.
VAR: (n) Alternative spelling of VaR; Value at Risk.
Var: (N) One of the départements in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France (INSEE code 83).
vara: (n) A unit of length in the old Spanish system (equal to 0.8359 metres) or the old Portuguese system (equal to 1.1 metres).
Vara: (N) A surname, from Spanish.
varas: (n) plural of vara
Varas: (N) A surname, from Spanish.(N) plural of Vara
vare: (n) A weasel.(n) A wand or staff of authority or justice.
Varese: (N) A province of Lombardy, Italy.; The capital city of the province of Varese, Lombardy, Italy.
varied: (v) simple past tense and past participle of vary(aj) diverse or miscellaneous; having been changed or modified; variegated
varies: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of vary
varix: (n) A varicose, i.e. swollen and knotted, vein.; In mollusks, a particular ridge on the shell, corresponding to a former position of the aperture.
varlet: (n) A servant or attendant.; Specifically, a youth acting as a knight's attendant at the beginning of his training for knighthood.; A rogue or scoundrel.; The jack.
Varuna: (N) A god of the sky, of rain and of the celestial ocean, as well as a god of law and of the underworld.; A Kuiper belt object, once thought to be possibly a dwarf planet.
varus: (n) A deformity in which the foot is turned inward.; Acne.
Varus: (N) a Roman cognomen
varuses: (n) plural of varus
varve: (n) An annual layer of sediment or sedimentary rock.
vary: (v) To change with time or a similar parameter.; To institute a change in, from a current state; to modify.; Not to remain constant: to change with time or a similar parameter.; To display differences.; To be or act different from the usual.; To make of different kinds; to make different from one another; to diversity; to variegate.; To embellish; to change fancifully; to present under new aspects, as of form, key, measure, etc. See variation.; To disagree; to be at variance or in dissension.(n) alteration; change.
vas: (n) A vessel or duct transporting any bodily fluid, such as blood, lymph, chyle, or semen.; The vas deferens.
vase: (n) An upright open container used mainly for displaying fresh, dried, or artificial flowers.; The body of the Corinthian capital.
VASE: (n) an exon of NCAM; it is thought to correlate with an inhibition of the neurite outgrowth-promoting properties of this protein
vases: (n) plural of vase
VASEs: (n) plural of VASE
vassal: (n) The grantee of a fief, feud, or fee; one who keeps land of a superior, and who vows fidelity and homage to him, normally a lord of a manor; a feudatory; a feudal tenant.; A subordinate(aj) Resembling a vassal; slavish; servile.(v) To treat as a vassal or to reduce to the position of a vassal; to subject to control; to enslave.; To subordinate to someone or something.
vast: (aj) Very large or wide (literally or figuratively).; Very great in size, amount, degree, intensity, or especially extent.; Waste; desert; desolate; lonely.(n) A vast space.
vaster: (aj) comparative form of vast: more vast
vasty: (aj) vast
vat: (n) A large tub, such as is used for making wine or for tanning.; A square, hollow place on the back of a calcining furnace, where tin ore is laid to dry.; A vessel for holding holy water.; A liquid measure and dry measure; especially, a liquid measure in Belgium and Holland, corresponding to the hectolitre of the metric system, which contains 22.01 imperial gallons, or 26.4 standard gallons in the United States.(v) To put into a vat.; To blend (wines or spirits) in a vat; figuratively, to mix or blend elements as if with wines or spirits.
vatic: (aj) Pertaining to a prophet; prophetic, oracular.
vats: (n) plural of vat(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of vat
Vaud: (N) A canton of Switzerland.
vault: (n) An arched masonry structure supporting and forming a ceiling, whether freestanding or forming part of a larger building.; Any arched ceiling or roof.; Anything resembling such a downward-facing concave structure, particularly the sky and caves.; The space covered by an arched roof, particularly underground rooms and (Christianity, obsolete) church crypts.; Any cellar or underground storeroom.; Any burial chamber, particularly those underground.; The secure room or rooms in or below a bank used to store currency and other valuables; similar rooms in other settings.; Any archive of past content.; An encrypted digital archive.; An underground or covered conduit for water or waste; a drain; a sewer.; An underground or covered reservoir for water or waste; a cistern; a cesspit.; A room employing a cesspit or sewer: an outhouse; a lavatory.(v) To build as, or cover with a vault.(v) To jump or leap over.(n) An act of vaulting, formerly (chiefly) by deer; a leap or jump.; A piece of apparatus used for performing jumps.; A gymnastic movement performed on this apparatus.; Synonym of volte: a circular movement by the horse.; An event or performance involving a vaulting horse.
vaults: (n) plural of vault(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of vault
vaunt: (v) To speak boastfully.; To speak boastfully about.; To boast of; to make a vain display of; to display with ostentation.(n) A boast; an instance of vaunting.(n) The first part.
vav: (n) The sixth letter of the Hebrew alphabet, ו.
veal: (n) The flesh of a calf (i.e. a young bovine) used for food.; female genitalia.
Veal: (N) A surname.
vector: (n) A directed quantity, one with both magnitude and direction; the signed difference between two points.; An ordered tuple representing such.; Any member of a (generalized) vector space.; A chosen course or direction for motion, as of an aircraft.; A carrier of a disease-causing agent.; A person or entity that passes along an urban legend or other meme.; A recurring psychosocial issue that stimulates growth and development in the personality.; The way in which the eyes are drawn across the visual text. The trail that a book cover can encourage the eyes to follow from certain objects to others.; A memory address containing the address of a code entry point, usually one which is part of a table and often one that is dereferenced and jumped to during the execution of an interrupt.; A one-dimensional array.; A graphical representation using outlines; vector graphics.; A DNA molecule used to carry genetic information from one organism into another.(v) To set (particularly an aircraft) on a course toward a selected point.; To redirect to a vector, or code entry point.
Veda: (N) Any of a large body of texts originating in Ancient India. They form the oldest layer of Sanskrit literature and the oldest sacred texts of Hinduism.
Vedda: (n) One of an indigenous people of Sri Lanka.(N) The language of the Veddas.
Vedic: (aj) Of or pertaining to the Vedas; Of or relating to the Sanskrit language of the Vedas
veer: (v) To let out (a sail-line), to allow (a sheet) to run out.(n) A turn or swerve; an instance of veering.(v) To change direction or course suddenly; to swerve.; To shift in a clockwise direction (if in the Northern Hemisphere, or in a counterclockwise direction if in the Southern Hemisphere).; To shift aft.; To change direction into the wind; to wear ship.; To turn.
veered: (v) simple past tense and past participle of veer
veery: (n) An American thrush (Catharus fuscescens) common in the Northern United States and Canada.
veg: (aj) vegetarian(n) vegetable(s).; vegetarian food.(v) to vegetate; to engage in complete inactivity; to rest(n) A unit of subjective weight, equivalent to the perceived weight of lifting 100 grams.
vega: (n) An open tract of ground; a plain, especially one which is moist and fertile, such as those used for growing tobacco.(n) A measurement of the sensitivity of the value of an option to changes in the implied volatility of the price of the underlying asset.
Vega: (N) The brightest star in the constellation Lyra; Alpha (α) Lyrae. It forms one corner of the Summer Triangle.(N) A surname, from Spanish.; A small city, the county seat of Oldham County, Texas, United States.(n) An automobile that was manufactured by Chevrolet Motor Division of General Motors Corporation from 1970 to 1977.
veil: (n) Something hung up or spread out to hide or protect the face, or hide an object from view; usually of gauze, crepe, or similar diaphanous material.; Anything that partially obscures a clear view.; A cover; disguise; a mask; a pretense.; A covering for a person or thing; as, a caul (especially over the head); The calyptra of mosses.; velum (A circular membrane round the cap of a medusa).; A thin layer of tissue which is attached to or covers a mushroom.; A membrane connecting the margin of the pileus of a mushroom with the stalk; a velum.; An obscuration of the clearness of the tones in pronunciation.; That which separates the living and the spirit world.(v) To dress in, or decorate with, a veil.; To conceal as with a veil.
veiled: (aj) Covered by a veil.; Partly hidden or concealed.(v) simple past tense and past participle of veil
veils: (n) plural of veil
vein: (n) A blood vessel that transports blood from the capillaries back to the heart.; The entrails of a shrimp.; In leaves, a thickened portion of the leaf containing the vascular bundle.; The nervure of an insect’s wing.; A stripe or streak of a different colour or composition in materials such as wood, cheese, marble or other rocks.; A sheetlike body of crystallized minerals within a rock.; A topic of discussion; a train of association, thoughts, emotions, etc.; A style, tendency, or quality.; A fissure, cleft, or cavity, as in the earth or other substance.(v) To mark with veins or a vein-like pattern.
veined: (aj) Having veins or veinlike markings.(v) simple past tense and past participle of vein
veins: (n) plural of vein(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of vein
vela: (n) plural of velum
Vela: (N) A spring constellation of the northern sky, said to resemble the sails of a ship. Until 1763, it was part of a larger constellation, Argo Navis.
velar: (aj) Articulated at the velum or soft palate.; Referring to a veil or velum.(n) a sound articulated at the soft palate
velate: (aj) Having a veil; veiled.; Having a velum.
veld: (n) The open pasture land or grassland of South Africa and neighboring countries.
veldt: (n) Alternative form of veld
vellum: (n) A type of parchment paper made from the skin of a lamb, baby goat, or calf.; A writing paper of very high quality.
veloce: (av) (To be played) with great rapidity.
velour: (n) A knit fabric similar to velvet, but usually somewhat coarser.
velum: (n) a thin membrane resembling a veil or curtain, such as:; the soft palate; a thin membrane resembling a veil or curtain, such as:; a thin membrane partially covering the cluster of sporangia near the leaf base in quillworts and their extinct relatives; a thin membrane resembling a veil or curtain, such as:; a veil-like membrane of immature mushrooms extending from the margin of the cap to the stem and is torn by growth, to reveal the gills; a thin membrane resembling a veil or curtain, such as:; a locomotory and feeding organ provided with cilia found in the larval stage of bivalves; a thin membrane resembling a veil or curtain, such as:; a annular membrane, typically bordering a cavity, especially in certain molluscs, medusae, and other invertebrates; a thin membrane resembling a veil or curtain, such as:; a delicate membrane found on certain protists; an accessory cloud resembling a veil extending over a large distance; normally associated with cumulus and cumulonimbus
velure: (n) A fabric similar to velvet.; A silk or plush pad for smoothing or giving lustre to silk hats.(v) To dress with a velure.
velvet: (n) A closely woven fabric (originally of silk, now also of cotton or man-made fibres) with a thick short pile on one side.; Very fine fur, including the skin and fur on a deer's antlers.; A female chinchilla; a sow.; The drug dextromethorphan.; Money acquired by gambling.(v) To cover with velvet or with a covering of a similar texture.; To coat raw meat in starch, then in oil, preparatory to frying.; To remove the velvet from a deer's antlers.; To soften; to mitigate.; to retract.(aj) Made of velvet.; Soft and delicate, like velvet; velvety.; peaceful, carried out without violence; especially as pertaining to the peaceful breakup of Czechoslovakia.
vena: (n) Vein.
Vena: (N) A surname.
venae: (n) plural of vena
venal: (aj) Venous; pertaining to veins.(aj) For sale; available for purchase.; Of a position, privilege etc.: available for purchase rather than assigned on merit.; Capable of being bought (of a person); willing to take bribes.; Corrupt, mercenary.
vend: (v) To hawk or to peddle merchandise.; To sell wares, especially through a vending machine.; To provide or export functionality, especially from an API.(n) The act of vending or selling; a sale.; The total sales of coal from a colliery.(n) The letter Ꝩ/ꝩ, used in Old Norse, related to the rune wynn (ᚹ, whence also Latin-script Ƿ/ƿ) but with the bowl open at the top, like a y.
Vend: (n) A member of a Balto-Finnic people who lived between the 12th to 16th centuries in the area around the town of Wenden (now Cēsis) in present-day north-central Latvia.
vendee: (n) The person to whom something is sold; a purchaser.
vender: (n) Alternative spelling of vendor
vendor: (n) A person or a company that vends or sells.; A vending machine.(v) To bundle third-party dependencies with the source code for one's own program.; As the software vendor, to bundle one's own, possibly modified version of dependencies with a standard program.
vendue: (n) A public auction.
veneer: (n) A thin decorative covering of fine material (usually wood) applied to coarser wood or other material.; An attractive appearance that covers or disguises true nature or feelings.(v) To apply veneer to.; To disguise with apparent goodness.
venery: (n) The hunting of wild animals.; Game animals.(n) The pursuit of sexual pleasure or indulgence.
venge: (v) To avenge; to punish; to revenge.
venger: (n) Obsolete form of avenger.
venial: (aj) Able to be forgiven; worthy of forgiveness.; Worthy of forgiveness because trifling (trivial).
Venice: (N) A maritime city and associated province of Veneto, Italy.; The historical maritime empire of Venice.; A neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.
venin: (n) Synonym of venom.; A toxic substance found in the venom of poisonous snakes.; A supposedly identical toxic substance obtained by cleavage of an albumose.
venire: (n) A writ of venire facias.; A group of persons summoned by a writ of venire facias to appear in court for jury selection.
Venite: (N) Psalm 95
Venites: (n) plural Venite
venom: (n) An animal toxin intended for offensive use, a biological poison delivered by bite, sting, etc. to protect an animal or to kill its prey.; Feeling or speech marked by spite or malice; vitriol.(v) To infect with venom; to envenom; to poison.(aj) Poisonous, poisoned; (figuratively) pernicious.
venose: (aj) Having numerous or conspicuous veins; veiny.
venous: (aj) Of or pertaining to veins.; Having passed through the capillaries and given up oxygen for the tissues and become charged with carbon dioxide.; Possessing veins.; Having numerous veins.
vent: (n) An opening through which gases, especially air, can pass.; A small aperture.; The opening of a volcano from which lava flows.; A rant; a long session of expressing verbal frustration.; The excretory opening of lower orders of vertebrates.; A slit in the seam of a garment.; The opening at the breech of a firearm, through which fire is communicated to the powder of the charge.; In steam boilers, a sectional area of the passage for gases divided by the length of the same passage in feet.; Opportunity of escape or passage from confinement or privacy; outlet.; Emission; escape; passage to notice or expression; publication; utterance.(v) To allow gases to escape.; To allow to escape through a vent.; To express a strong emotion.; To snuff; to breathe or puff out; to snort.(n) Ventriloquism.(v) To sell; to vend.(n) A baiting place; an inn.(n) Clipping of ventilation or ventilator.(v) To ventilate; to use a ventilator; to use ventilation.
vented: (v) simple past tense and past participle of vent
venter: (n) A woman with offspring.; A protuberant, usually hollow structure, notably:; The undersurface of the abdomen of an arthropod.; A protuberant, usually hollow structure, notably:; The swollen basal portion of an archegonium in which an egg develops.; A broad, shallow concavity, notably of a bone.(n) One who vents, who is vocal about feelings or problems.(n) A vendor.
Venter: (N) A surname.
vents: (n) plural of vent(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of vent
venue: (n) A theater, auditorium, arena, or other area designated for sporting or entertainment events.; A neighborhood or near place; the place or county in which anything is alleged to have happened; also, the place where an action is laid, or the district from which a jury comes.; A bout; a hit; a turn.; A stadium or similar building in which a sporting competition is held.; The place where something happens.
venues: (n) plural of venue
venule: (n) A small vein, especially one that connects capillaries to a larger vein.
venus: (n) Any of the bivalve molluscs in the genus Venus or family Veneridae.
Venus: (N) The second planet in our solar system, named for the goddess; represented in astronomy and astrology by ♀.; The goddess of love, beauty, and natural productivity; the Roman counterpart of Aphrodite.; A female given name; Sexual activity or intercourse; sex, lust, venery.; Love; sex.(n) copper: A reddish-brown, malleable, ductile metallic element with high electrical and thermal conductivity, symbol Cu, and atomic number 29.
vera: (n) A skin (rolling paper for cigarettes).(n) A second-order measure of derivative price sensitivity, expressed as the rate of change of vega with respect to changes in the risk-free interest rate, or equivalently the rate of change of rho with respect to changes in the volatility of the underlying asset.
Vera: (N) A female given name from Russian.(N) A surname, from Spanish of Spanish origin.
verb: (n) A word that indicates an action, event, or state of being.; Any word; a vocable.; An action as opposed to a trait or thing.; A named command that performs a specific operation on an object.(v) To use any word that is not, or had not been a verb (especially a noun) as if it were a verb.; To perform any action that is normally expressed by a verb.
verbal: (aj) Of or relating to words.; Concerned with the words, rather than the substance of a text.; Consisting of words only.; Expressly spoken rather than written; oral.; Derived from, or having the nature of a verb.; Used to form a verb.; Capable of speech.; Word for word.; Abounding with words; verbose.(n) A verb form which does not function as a predicate, or a word derived from a verb. In English, infinitives, participles and gerunds are verbals.; A spoken confession given to police.; Talk; speech, especially banter or scolding.(v) To induce into fabricating a confession.
verbid: (n) A nonfinite verb form, such as, in English, an infinitive, participle, or gerund.
verbs: (n) plural of verb(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of verb
Verde: (N) A surname.(aj) That can be exercised on dates less-frequently than quarterly (usually annually), a set time period (usually one year) after the issue date, and before the expiry date.
verdin: (n) A small, yellow-headed passerine bird, Auriparus flaviceps, endemic to desert areas of the southwestern United States, that is the only species of family Remizidae found in the New World.
Verdin: (N) A surname.
verdun: (n) A 16th-century form of rapier.
Verdun: (N) A small city in the Meuse department, Grand Est, France.; A borough of Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
verge: (n) A rod or staff of office, e.g. of a verger.; The stick or wand with which persons were formerly admitted tenants, by holding it in the hand and swearing fealty to the lord. Such tenants were called tenants by the verge.; An edge or border.; The grassy area between the footpath and the street; a tree lawn; a grassed strip running alongside either side of an outback road.; An edge or border.; An extreme limit beyond which something specific will happen.; The phallus.; The external male organ of certain mollusks, worms, etc.; An old measure of land: a virgate or yardland.; A circumference; a circle; a ring.; The shaft of a column, or a small ornamental shaft.; The eaves or edge of the roof that projects over the gable of a roof.; The spindle of a watch balance, especially one with pallets, as in the old vertical escapement.(v) To be or come very close; to border; to approach.; To bend or incline; to tend downward; to slope.
Verge: (N) A surname.
verged: (v) simple past tense and past participle of verge
verger: (n) One who carries a verge, or emblem of office.; A lay person who takes care of the interior of a church and acts as an attendant during services, where he or she carries the verge (or virge). In the United States, the office is generally combined with that of sexton.; An usher; also, in major ecclesiastical landmarks, a tour guide.; An attendant upon a dignitary, such as a bishop or dean, a justice, etc.
verges: (n) plural of verge(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of verge
Verges: (N) A surname.(N) plural of Verge
Vergil: (N) Alternative spelling of Virgil (the writer); A male given name from Latin, of rare usage, variant of Virgil.
verify: (v) To substantiate or prove the truth of something.; To confirm or test the truth or accuracy of something.; To affirm something formally, under oath.
verily: (av) Truly; doubtlessly; honestly; in truth.; confidently, certainly
verism: (n) Presenting common, everyday subjects, specifically eschewing the heroic or legendary.; Synonym of verismo (“19th-century art movement”)
verity: (n) Truth, fact or reality, especially an enduring religious or ethical truth; veracity.; A true statement; an established doctrine.
Verity: (N) A female given name from English derived from the Latin for truth; one of the Puritan virtue names.
vermin: (n) Any one of various common types of small insects or animals which cause harm and annoyance.; Animals that prey on game, such as foxes or weasels.; Obnoxious, or mean and offensive person or people.
vermis: (n) A narrow, worm-like structure found in animal brains between the hemispheres of the cerebellum; it is the site of termination of the spinocerebellar pathways that carry subconscious proprioception.
vernal: (aj) Pertaining to or occurring in spring.; Having characteristics like spring; fresh, young, youthful.
Vernal: (N) A city, the county seat of Uintah County, Utah, United States.
Verona: (N) A city straddling the river Adige in Veneto, northern Italy, and the capital city of the province of the same name.; A province of Veneto, in northern Italy.; A village in Illinois.; A census-designated place in Kentucky.; A city in Mississippi.; A city and town in Missouri.; A township in New Jersey.; A town in New York.; A city and village in North Dakota.; A village in Ohio.; A borough of Pennsylvania.; A city and town in Wisconsin.; A female given name
verry: (aj) Obsolete spelling of very(av) Obsolete spelling of very
vers: (aj) Short for versatile.
verse: (n) A poetic form with regular meter and a fixed rhyme scheme.; Poetic form in general.; One of several similar units of a song, consisting of several lines, generally rhymed.; A small section of a holy book (Bible, Quran etc.); A portion of an anthem to be performed by a single voice to each part.(v) To compose verses.; To tell in verse, or poetry.; to educate about, to teach about.(v) To oppose, to compete against, especially in a video game.
versed: (aj) knowledgeable or skilled, either through study or experience; familiar; practiced(v) past tense of verse
Versed: (N) A marketed variety of midazolam.
verser: (n) A versifier.
Verser: (N) A surname, from German.
verses: (n) plural of verse(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of verse
verso: (n) The back side of a flat object which is to be examined visually, as for reading, such as a sheet, leaf, coin or medal;; The left-hand page of a book of a script which reads from left to right, usually having an even page number.
versos: (n) plural of verso
verst: (n) A Russian unit of length, equivalent to about 1.07 kilometres or about ²⁄₃ of a mile.
versts: (n) plural of verst
versus: (p) Against; in opposition to.; Compared with, as opposed to.; Bringing a legal action against, as used in the title of a court case in which the first party indicates the plaintiff (or appellant or the like), and the second indicates the defendant (or respondent or the like).
vert: (n) A green colour, now only in heraldry; represented in engraving by diagonal parallel lines 45 degrees counter-clockwise.; Green undergrowth or other vegetation growing in a forest, as a potential cover for deer.; The right to fell trees or cut shrubs in a forest.(aj) In blazon, of the colour green.(n) In sport, a type of bicycle stunt competition.; A vertical surface used by skateboarders or skiers.(n) vertebrate(v) Turn.
verted: (v) plural of vert
vertex: (n) The highest point, top or apex of something.; The highest surface on the skull; the crown of the head.; An angular point of a polygon, polyhedron or higher order polytope.; The common point of the two rays that form an angle.; An angular point of a polygon, polyhedron or higher order polytope.; The point at which an axis meets a curve or surface.; A point on the curve with a local minimum or maximum of curvature.; One of the elements of a graph joined or not by edges to other vertices.; A point in 3D space, usually given in terms of its Cartesian coordinates.; The point where the surface of a lens crosses the optical axis.; An interaction point.; The point where the prime vertical meets the ecliptic in the western hemisphere of a natal chart.; A sharp downward point opposite a crotch, as in the letters "V" and "W" but not "Y".
verting: (v) plural of vert
verts: (n) plural of vert
vertu: (n) The fine arts as a subject of study or expertise; understanding of arts and antiquities.; Objets d'art collectively.; Especially with reference to the writings of Machiavelli (1469–1527): the requisite qualities for political or military success; vitality, determination; power.; Moral worth; virtue, virtuousness.
vertus: (n) plural of vertu
verve: (n) Enthusiasm, rapture, spirit, or vigour, especially of imagination such as that which animates an artist, musician, or writer, in composing or performing.; A particular skill in writing.
verves: (n) plural of verve
vervet: (n) A small African monkey, Cercopithecus aethiops or Chlorocebus pygerythrus, having a long tail, a black face with white cheek tufts and a greenish-brown coat
very: (aj) True, real, actual.; The same; identical.; With limiting effect: mere.(av) To a great extent or degree.; Conforming to fact, reality or rule; true.; Used to firmly establish that nothing else surpasses in some respect.
vesica: (n) A bladder, especially the urinary bladder or the gall bladder.; The vesica piscis or oval aureole in mediaeval painting.
vesicas: (n) plural of vesica
vesper: (n) The bell that summons worshipers to vespers; the vesper-bell; The evening.; A vesper martini.; A vesper bat.(aj) Evening.
Vesper: (N) Hesperus, Venus, the evening star(N) A surname, from German.
vespid: (aj) Characteristic of the wasp family Vespidae; wasplike(n) Any social insect of the family Vespidae including wasps and hornets
vessel: (n) Any craft designed for transportation on water, such as a ship or boat.; A craft designed for transportation through air or space.; Dishes and cutlery collectively, especially if made of precious metals.; A container of liquid or other substance, such as a glass, goblet, cup, bottle, bowl, or pitcher.; A person as a container of qualities or feelings.; A tube or canal that carries fluid in an animal or plant.(v) To put into a vessel.
vest: (n) A loose robe or outer garment worn historically by men in Arab or Middle Eastern countries.; A sleeveless garment that buttons down the front, worn over a shirt, and often as part of a suit; a waistcoat.; A sleeveless garment, often with a low-cut neck, usually worn under a shirt or blouse.; A sleeveless top, typically with identifying colours or logos, worn by an athlete or member of a sports team.; Any sleeveless outer garment, often for a purpose such as identification, safety, or storage.; A vestment.; Clothing generally; array; garb.(v) To clothe with, or as with, a vestment, or garment; to dress; to robe; to cover, surround, or encompass closely.; To clothe with authority, power, etc.; to put in possession; to invest; to furnish; to endow; followed by with and the thing conferred.; To place or give into the possession or discretion of some person or authority; to commit to another; with in before the possessor.; To invest; to put.; To clothe with possession; also, to give a person an immediate fixed right of present or future enjoyment of.; (of an inheritance or a trust fund) To devolve upon the person currently entitled when a prior interest has ended.; To become vested, to become permanent.
Vest: (N) A surname.
vesta: (n) a short match, made of wood or wax
Vesta: (N) The virgin goddess of the hearth, fire, and the household, and therefore a deity of domestic life. The Roman counterpart of Hestia.; A female given name from Latin in occasional use.; 4 Vesta, the fourth asteroid discovered.
vestal: (aj) Of or pertaining to Vesta, the virgin goddess of the hearth.; Pure; chaste.(n) A virgin consecrated to Vesta, and to the service of watching the sacred fire, which was to be perpetually kept burning upon her altar; a vestal virgin.; A female virgin; a woman who has never had sexual relations.; A nun.
Vestal: (aj) Alternative form of vestal (Pertaining to the goddess Vesta); Synonym of Vestan (Pertaining to the asteroid Vesta)
vested: (aj) Settled, fixed or absolute, with no contingencies.; Dressed or clothed, especially in vestments.(v) simple past tense and past participle of vest
vestry: (n) A room in a church where the clergy put on their vestments and where these are stored; also used for meetings and classes; a sacristy.; A committee of parishioners elected to administer the temporal affairs of a parish.; An assembly of persons who manage parochial affairs; so called because usually held in a vestry.
vests: (n) plural of vest(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of vest
Vests: (N) plural of Vest
vet: (n) A veterinarian or veterinary surgeon.(n) A veteran (a former soldier or other member of an armed forces).(v) To thoroughly check or investigate particularly with regard to providing formal approval.
vetch: (n) any of several leguminous plants, of the genus Vicia, often grown as green manure and for their edible seeds; any of several similar plants within the subfamily Faboideae
veto: (n) A political right to disapprove of (and thereby stop) the process of a decision, a law etc.; An invocation of that right.; An authoritative prohibition or negative; a forbidding; an interdiction.(v) To use a veto against.
vetoed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of veto
vex: (v) To annoy, irritate.; To cause (mental) suffering to; to distress.; To trouble aggressively, to harass.; To twist, to weave.; To be irritated; to fret.; To toss back and forth; to agitate; to disquiet.(n) A trouble.
vexed: (aj) annoyed, irritated or distressed; much debated, discussed or disputed(v) simple past tense and past participle of vex
vexes: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of vex
vexing: (v) present participle of vex(n) vexation
via: (n) A main road or highway, especially in ancient Rome. (Mainly used in set phrases, below.); A small hole in a printed circuit board filled with metal which connects two or more layers.(p) By way of; passing through.; By (means of); using.(i) Away! Be off!
Via: (N) A surname.
viable: (aj) Able to live on its own (as for a newborn).; Able to be done, possible.; Able to live and develop.(n) An organism that is able to live and develop.
vial: (n) A glass vessel or bottle, especially a small tube-shaped bottle used to store medicine, perfume or other chemical.(v) To put or keep in, or as in, a vial.
Vial: (N) A surname.
vials: (n) plural of vial(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of vial
Vials: (N) plural of Vial
viand: (n) An item of food.; A choice dish.(n) An item of food eaten with rice.
viands: (n) plural of viand(n) provisions, victuals
viator: (n) A wayfarer, traveler.; An apparitor, a summoner: a minor Roman official.; A person who is subject to a viatical insurance policy or a viatical settlement.
Viator: (N) A surname.
vibrio: (n) Any of several bacteria, of the genus Vibrio, shaped like a curved rod.
vicar: (n) In the Church of England, the priest of a parish, receiving a salary or stipend but not tithes.; In the Roman Catholic and some other churches, a cleric acting as local representative of a higher ranking member of the clergy.; A person acting on behalf of, or representing, another person.
vicars: (n) plural of vicar
vice: (n) A bad habit.; Any of various crimes related (depending on jurisdiction) to weapons, prostitution, pornography, gambling, alcohol, tobacco, or drugs.; A defect in the temper or behaviour of a horse, such as to make the animal dangerous, to injure its health, or to diminish its usefulness.(n) Alternative spelling of vise (“mechanical screw apparatus used for clamping”); A tool for drawing lead into cames, or flat grooved rods, for casements.; A winding or spiral staircase.; A grip or grasp.(v) Alternative spelling of vise (“to hold or squeeze with a vice”)(aj) in place of; subordinate to; designating a person below another in rank(p) instead of, in place of, versus (sense 2)(n) One who acts in place of a superior.
Vice: (N) A surname.
vices: (n) plural of vice
Vices: (N) plural of Vice
Vichies: (n) plural Vichy
Vichy: (N) A town in the Allier department, Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes, France, the capital of Vichy France during World War II.(n) Short for Vichy water.
Vicky: (N) A diminutive of the female given name Victoria, also used as a formal given name.
victim: (n) One that is harmed—killed, injured, subjected to oppression, deceived, or otherwise adversely affected—by someone or something, especially another person or event, force, or condition; in particular:; One who is harmed or killed by a crime or scam.; One that is harmed—killed, injured, subjected to oppression, deceived, or otherwise adversely affected—by someone or something, especially another person or event, force, or condition; in particular:; One who is harmed or killed by an accident or illness.; One that is harmed—killed, injured, subjected to oppression, deceived, or otherwise adversely affected—by someone or something, especially another person or event, force, or condition; in particular:; One who is harmed or killed as a result of other people's biases, emotions or incompetence, or their own.; One that is harmed—killed, injured, subjected to oppression, deceived, or otherwise adversely affected—by someone or something, especially another person or event, force, or condition; in particular:; One who is harmed or killed as a result of a natural or man-made disaster or impersonal condition.; A living being which is slain and offered as a sacrifice, usually in a religious rite.; The transfigured body and blood of Christ in the Eucharist.
victor: (n) The winner in a fight or contest.; Victor, the letter V in the ICAO spelling alphabet.
Victor: (N) A male given name from Latin.; The letter V in the ICAO spelling alphabet.; A city in Colorado.; A city in Idaho.; A town in Iowa.; A census-designated place in Montana.; A town in New York.; A census-designated place in San Joaquin County, California, United States.; Placeholder name for the party that verifies a proof.
vide: (v) divide (separate into parts, cleave asunder); Divide (ordering the members of a legislative assembly to divide into two groups (the ayes and the nays) for the counting of the members’ votes)(v) See; consult; refer to. A remark directing the reader to look to the specified place for epexegesis.
video: (n) Television, television show, movie.; A short film clip, with or without audio (as in a music video, or one of the plethora of user-generated short movies on sites such as YouTube).; Motion picture stored on VHS or some other format.; VHS.(v) To record using a video camera, to videotape; To record a television program; To visually record (activity, or a motion picture) in general, with or without sound.
vie: (v) To fight for superiority; to contend; to compete eagerly so as to gain something.; To rival (something), etc.; To do or produce in emulation, competition, or rivalry; to put in competition; to bandy.; To stake; to wager.; To stake a sum of money upon a hand of cards, as in the old game of gleek. See revie.(n) A contest.
Vie: (N) A district of Oradea, Bihor, Romania; A river in the Vendée department, Pays de la Loire, France; A river in Normandie, France, flowing through Orne department and Calvados department
vied: (v) simple past tense and past participle of vie
Vienna: (N) The capital and largest city in Austria.; A locale in the United States.; A town in Virginia.; A locale in the United States.; A city in West Virginia.; A locale in the United States.; A town in New York.; A locale in the United States.; A city, the county seat of Dooly County, Georgia.; A locale in the United States.; A city, the county seat of Johnson County, Illinois.; A locale in the United States.; A town in Wisconsin.; A locale in the United States.; A town in Maine.; A locale in the United States.; A city, the county seat of Maries County, Missouri.; A locale in the United States.; A town in Louisiana.; A locale in the United States.; A town in Maryland.; A locale in the United States.; A town in South Dakota.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Alabama.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Indiana.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in Michigan.; A locale in the United States.; An unincorporated community in North Carolina.; A female given name.
Vienne: (N) A department of Nouvelle-Aquitaine, France.; A river in southwest France.; A city in the Isère department, Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes, France.
vier: (n) One who vies for something.
vies: (v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of vie
view: (n) Visual perception.; The act of seeing or looking at something.; Visual perception.; The range of vision.; Visual perception.; Something to look at, such as scenery.; Visual perception.; An individual viewing of a web page or a video by a user.; Visual perception.; Appearance; show; aspect.; A picture, drawn or painted; a sketch.; An opinion, judgement, imagination, idea or belief.; A mental image.; An opinion, judgement, imagination, idea or belief.; A way of understanding something, an opinion, a theory.; An opinion, judgement, imagination, idea or belief.; A point of view.; An opinion, judgement, imagination, idea or belief.; An intention or prospect.; A virtual or logical table composed of the result set of a query in relational databases.; The part of a computer program which is visible to the user and can be interacted with; A wake.(v) To look at.; To regard in a stated way.
viewed: (v) simple past tense and past participle of view(aj) Having been viewed; having been seen, watched or witnessed.
viewer: (n) Someone who views a spectacle; an onlooker or spectator.; Someone who watches television.; Any optical device used to view photographic slides.; A program that displays the contents of a file.; The manager of a colliery, who directs its workings and ventilation.
viewier: (adj) plural of viewy
views: (n) plural of view(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of view
viewy: (aj) Having strong views or opinions.; Superficially attractive; showy.
vigil: (n) An instance of keeping awake during normal sleeping hours, especially to keep watch or pray.; A period of observation or surveillance at any hour.; The eve of a religious festival in which staying awake is part of the ritual devotions.; A quiet demonstration in support of a cause.
Vigil: (N) A surname.
vigils: (n) plural of vigil
vigor: (n) Alternative form of vigour
vigour: (n) Active strength or force of body or mind; capacity for exertion, physically, intellectually, or morally; energy.; Strength or force in animal or vegetable nature or action.; Strength; efficacy; potency.
viking: (n) Alternative letter-case form of Viking
Viking: (n) One of the Scandinavian or other Northern European seafaring warriors that raided (and then settled) the British Isles and other parts of Europe in the 8ᵗʰ to the 11ᵗʰ centuries and, according to many historians, were the first Europeans to reach North America.; A stock character common in the fantasy genre, namely a barbarian, generally equipped with an axe or sword and a helmet adorned with horns.; A Norseman (medieval Scandinavian).; An ethnic Swede, Norwegian, Dane, Icelander or Faroe Islander.; A player on the Minnesota Vikings NFL team.(N) A sea area between Scotland and Norway; A town in Alberta, Canada; A city in Minnesota
vile: (aj) Morally low; base; despicable.; Causing physical or mental repulsion; horrid.
vilely: (av) In a vile manner, evilly, despicably.; Terribly, awfully.
viler: (aj) comparative form of vile: more vile
vilest: (aj) superlative form of vile: most vile
vilify: (v) To say defamatory things about someone or something; to speak ill of.; To belittle through speech; to put down.
vill: (n) The smallest administrative unit of land in feudal England, corresponding to the Anglo-Saxon tithing and the modern parish.; A villa; a country residence.(v) Pronunciation spelling of will.
villa: (n) A house, often larger and more expensive than average, in the countryside or on the coast, often used as a retreat.; A family house, often semi-detached, in a middle class street.; A country house, with farm buildings around a courtyard.
Villa: (N) Aston Villa Football Club, a football club based in Birmingham
villas: (n) plural of villa
villus: (n) A small projection from a membrane, particularly those found in the mucous membranes of the intestines.; One of the fine soft hairs on fruits, flowers, and other parts of plants.
vim: (n) Ready vitality and vigour.
vimen: (n) A long flexible shoot or branch of a plant.
vims: (n) plural of vim
Vin: (N) Short form of the male given name Vincent.
vina: (n) Alternative form of veena
Vina: (N) A surname, from Spanish.; A census-designated place in Tehama County, California, United States.
vine: (n) The climbing plant that produces grapes.; Any plant of the genus Vitis.; Any similar climbing or trailing plant.
Vine: (n) A looping video clip of a few seconds in duration, frequently used on social media.(N) A surname.
vinery: (n) A vineyard.; A structure, usually enclosed with glass, for rearing and protecting vines; a grapery.
vines: (n) plural of vine
Vines: (n) plural of Vine
vinic: (aj) Of or pertaining to wine.
vino: (n) Wine.
vinous: (aj) Pertaining to or having the characteristics of wine.; Involving the use of wine.; Pertaining to or having the characteristics of wine.; Having the colour of red wine; vinaceous.; Tending to drink wine excessively.; Affected by the drinking of wine.
vint: (v) To make wine from fruit.(n) A Russian card game similar to bridge and whist.
Vint: (N) A surname.
vinyl: (n) The univalent radical CH₂=CH−, derived from ethylene.; Any of various compounds and substances containing the vinyl radical, especially various tough, flexible, shiny plastics.; Phonograph records as a medium.; A phonograph record.(aj) Containing the vinyl radical.; Made of polyvinyl chloride.; Pertaining to a phonograph record.
viol: (n) A stringed instrument related to the violin family, but held in the lap between the legs like a cello, usually with C-holes, a flat back, a fretted neck and six strings, played with an underhanded bow hold; A large rope used to manipulate the anchor(v) To play the viol.
viola: (n) A stringed instrument of the violin family, somewhat larger than a violin, played under the chin, and having a deeper tone.; An organ stop having a similar tone.; A 10-string steel-string acoustic guitar, used in Brazilian folk music.; A berimbau viola, the smallest member of the berimbau used in capoeira music.(n) Any of several flowering plants, of the genus Viola, including the violets and pansies.(i) Misconstruction of voila
Viola: (N) A female given name from Latin; A town in Arkansas; A town in Delaware; A village in Illinois; A city in Kansas; A hamlet in New York; A town in Tennessee; A village in Wisconsin
violet: (n) A plant or flower of the genus Viola, especially the fragrant Viola odorata; (inexact) similar-looking plants and flowers.; A person thought to resemble V. odorata, especially in its beauty and delicacy.; A bluish-purple colour resembling that of most V. odorata.; Clothes and (ecclesiastical) vestments of such a colour.; The characteristic scent of V. odorata.; Synonym of onion.(aj) Having a bluish-purple colour.
Violet: (N) A female given name from English.; A surname.; A number of places in the United States:; A census-designated place in St. Bernard Parish, Louisiana.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Polk County, Missouri.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Nueces County, Texas.; A number of places in the United States:; An unincorporated community in Pocahontas County, West Virginia.; A community in Loyalist, Lennox and Addington County, Ontario, Canada.
violin: (n) A small unfretted stringed instrument with four strings tuned (lowest to highest) G-D-A-E, usually held against the chin and played with a bow.; Any instrument of the violin family, always inclusive of violins, violas, and cellos and sometimes further including the double bass.; The position of a violinist in an orchestra or group.(v) To play on, or as if on, a violin.
viper: (n) A venomous snake in the family Viperidae.; A dangerous, treacherous, or malignant person.; A person who smokes marijuana.
vipers: (n) plural of viper
virago: (n) A woman given to undue belligerence or ill manner at the slightest provocation.; A woman who is scolding, domineering, or highly opinionated.; A woman who is rough, loud, and aggressive.
viral: (aj) Of or relating to a biological virus.; Caused by a virus.; Of the nature of an informatic virus; able to spread copies of itself to other computers.; Spread by word of mouth, with minimal intervention in order to create buzz and interest.; Circulated rapidly and widely from one user to another.(n) A video, image or text spread by "word of mouth" on the internet or by e-mail for humorous, political or marketing purposes.
virent: (aj) green; not withered
vireo: (n) Any of a number of small insectivorous passerine birds, of the genus Vireo, that have grey-green plumage.; Any bird of the family Vireonidae, which includes vireos, shrike-vireos, greenlets and peppershrikes.; The family Vireonidae.
virga: (n) A type of note used in plainsong notation, having a tail and representing a single tone.; A streak of rain or snow that is dissipated in falling and does not reach the ground, commonly appearing descending from a cloud layer.; A unit of length: a rod, pole or perch (5½ yards); or a unit of area: a square rod, pole or perch.
Virga: (N) A surname, from Italian.
virgil: (n) Synonym of slash ⟨/⟩.
Virgil: (N) Pūblius Vergilius Marō (70–19 BCE), Roman epic writer from the Augustan period, best known for writing the Aeneid.; A male given name from Latin.
virgin: (n) A person who has never had sexual intercourse (but may have engaged in fellatio or handjobs).; A person who has never engaged in any sexual activity at all.; Someone vowed to virginity (usually a woman and often a consecrated virgin), or someone who died in defense of their virginity; (especially) one venerated as a saint.; One who has never used or experienced a specified thing.; Any of several species of gossamer-winged butterflies of the family Lycaenidae.; A female insect producing eggs from which young are hatched, though there has been no fecundation by a male; a parthenogenetic insect.(aj) In a state of virginity; chaste, not having had sexual intercourse.; Of a physical object, untouched.; Not yet cultivated, explored, or exploited by humans or humans of certain civilizations.; Inexperienced.; Of olive oil, obtained by mechanical means, so that the oil is not altered.; Of mixed drinks, not containing alcohol.
Virgin: (N) Virgin Mary, the mother of Jesus.; The constellation and star sign Virgo.; A surname.; A tributary of the Colorado River in the states of Utah, Nevada, and Arizona in the United States.; A town in Washington County, Utah.(n) A representation (picture, statue etc.) of Virgin Mary.
virgined: (v) plural of virgin
virgining: (v) plural of virgin
Virgo: (N) A surname.(n) Someone with a Virgo star sign
virile: (aj) Manly; having characteristics associated with being male, such as strength; exhibiting masculine traits to an exaggerated degree such as strength, forcefulness or vigor.; Possessing high sexual drive and capacity for sexual intercourse.; Pertaining to a grammatical gender used in plurals of some Slavic languages, corresponding to the personal masculine animate nouns.
virtu: (n) Alternative form of vertu.
virtue: (n) Accordance with moral principles; conformity of behaviour or thought with the strictures of morality; good moral conduct.; A particular manifestation of moral excellence in a person; an admirable quality.; Specifically, each of several qualities held to be particularly important, including the four cardinal virtues, the three theological virtues, or the seven virtues opposed to the seven deadly sins.; An inherently advantageous or excellent quality of something or someone; a favourable point, an advantage.; A creature embodying divine power, specifically one of the orders of heavenly beings, traditionally ranked above angels and below archangels.; Specifically, moral conduct in sexual behaviour, especially of women; chastity.; The inherent power of a god, or other supernatural being.; The inherent power or efficacy of something (now only in phrases).
Virtue: (N) A surname.
virtus: (n) plural of virtu
virus: (n) A submicroscopic, non-cellular structure consisting of a core of DNA or RNA surrounded by a protein coat, that requires a living host cell to replicate, and often causes disease in the host organism; such agents are often classed as nonliving infectious particles and less often as microorganisms.; A quantity of such infectious agents; A disease caused by such an infectious agent; a viral illness.; Venom, as produced by a poisonous animal etc.; A type of malware which can covertly transmit itself between computers via networks (especially the Internet) or removable storage such as disks, often causing damage to systems and data; also computer virus.; Any type of malware.; Any malicious or dangerous entity that spreads from one place or person to another.
vis: (n) Force; energy; might; power.(n) Alternative spelling of viss
Vis: (N) A town on the eponymous island in the Adriatic Sea in southern Croatia. It has a population of 1,934 residents (as of 2011); An island in the Adriatic Sea.
visa: (n) A permit to enter and leave a country, normally issued by the authorities of the country to be visited.(v) To endorse (a passport, etc.).
Visa: (N) A credit card company.; Alternative spelling of visa(n) Visa card; credit card
visage: (n) Countenance; appearance; one's face.
viscid: (aj) Viscous; having a high viscosity.; Sticky, slimy, or glutinous.; Covered with a viscid layer.
viscus: (n) One of the organs, as the brain, heart, or stomach, in the great cavities of the body of an animal; especially used in the plural, and applied to the organs contained in the abdomen.; The intestines.
vise: (n) An instrument consisting of two jaws, closing by a screw, lever, cam, or the like, for holding work, as in filing.(v) To clamp with or as with a vise.(v) Alternative form of visé
Vise: (N) A surname.
viseed: (v) plural of visa
Vishnu: (N) One of the Trimurti (trinity) in Hindu mythology, and the most popularly venerated god in Hinduism. Vishnu is commonly depicted as being blue in colour and having four arms: with each hand holding either a lotus, a mace, a conch shell or chakram weapon. Vishnu is the Supreme being or Ultimate Reality for Vaishnavas and a manifestation of Brahman in the Advaita or Smarta traditions of Hinduism.; A male given name from Sanskrit used in India.
vision: (n) The sense or ability of sight.; Something seen; an object perceived visually.; Something imaginary one thinks one sees.; Something unreal or imaginary; a creation of fancy.; An ideal or a goal toward which one aspires.; A religious or mystical experience of a supernatural appearance.; A person or thing of extraordinary beauty.; Pre-recorded film or tape; footage.(v) To imagine something as if it were to be true.; To present as in a vision.; To provide with a vision.
visit: (v) To habitually go to (someone in distress, sickness etc.) to comfort them. (Now generally merged into later senses, below.); To go and meet (a person) as an act of friendliness or sociability.; Of God: to appear to (someone) to comfort, bless, or chastise or punish them. (Now generally merged into later senses, below.); To punish, to inflict harm upon (someone or something).; Of a sickness, misfortune etc.: to afflict (someone).; To inflict punishment, vengeance for (an offense) on or upon someone.; To go to (a shrine, temple etc.) for worship. (Now generally merged into later senses, below.); To go to (a place) for pleasure, on an errand, etc.(n) A single act of visiting.; A meeting with a doctor at their surgery or the doctor's at one's home.
visite: (n) A light cape or short cloak of silk or lace formerly worn by women in summer.
visits: (n) plural of visit(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of visit
visor: (n) A part of a helmet, arranged so as to lift or open, and so show the face. The openings for seeing and breathing are generally in it.; A mask for the face.; The fore piece of a cap, projecting over, and protecting the eyes.; A rigid adjustable flap on an automobile windshield that can shield the eyes of a driver from direct sunlight or glare.
visoring: (v) plural of visor
vista: (n) A distant view or prospect, especially one seen through some opening, avenue or passage.; A site offering such a view.; A vision; a view presented to the mind in prospect or in retrospect by the imagination.(v) To make a vista or landscape of.
Vista: (N) A city in San Diego County, California, United States.; Clipping of Windows Vista.
vistas: (n) plural of vista
visto: (n) A vista; a prospect.
visual: (aj) Related to or affecting the vision.; That can be seen; visible.(n) Any element of something that depends on sight.; An image; a picture; a graphic.; All the visual elements of a multimedia presentation or entertainment, usually in contrast with normal text or audio.; A preliminary sketch.
vita: (n) A hagiography; a biography of a saint.; A curriculum vitae.
Vita: (n) PlayStation Vita
vitae: (n) plural of vita
vital: (aj) Relating to, or characteristic of life.; Necessary to the continuation of life; being the seat of life; being that on which life depends.; Invigorating or life-giving.; Necessary to continued existence.; Relating to the recording of life events.; Very important.; Containing life; living.; Capable of living; in a state to live; viable.
Vital: (N) A surname.
vitals: (n) Those organs of the body that are essential for life.; Those parts of a system without which it cannot function.; Vital signs.
Vitals: (N) plural of Vital
Vite: (N) A surname.
vitric: (aj) glassy; vitreous
vitta: (n) A fillet, or garland for the head.; A longitudinal stripe.; An oil tube in the fruit of some plants.
vittle: (n) Alternative spelling of victual(v) Alternative spelling of victual
viva: (i) Long live ... ! (used to express acclaim or support).(v) To cheer, applaud(n) A shout of applause.(n) An oral examination, typically for an academic qualification.(v) To subject to an examination of this kind.
ViVa: (N) a region of Manhattanville, Harlem, New York City
vivace: (av) At a brisk, lively tempo.(aj) Played, or to be played, at a brisk, lively tempo.
vivaces: (n) plural of vivace
vive: (aj) lively, animated; forcible
vives: (n) A disease of animals, especially horses, based in the glands under the ear, where a tumour is formed which sometimes ends in suppuration.
Vivian: (N) A male given name from Latin.; A female given name from Latin.; A patronymic surname, from given names.
vivid: (aj) Clear, detailed or powerful.; Bright, intense or colourful.; Full of life, strikingly alive.(n) A felt-tipped permanent marker.
vivify: (v) To bring to life; to enliven.; To impart vitality.
vixen: (n) A female fox.; A malicious, quarrelsome or temperamental woman.; A racy or salacious woman who is sexually attractive.; A wife who has sex with other men with her husband's consent.
Vixen: (N) The fourth reindeer of Santa Claus.
viz: (av) Alternative form of viz.
vizard: (n) A mask (cover for the face, used for disguise, protection, etc.); A visor (part of a helmet covering the face).; Outward appearance; pretense.
vizarding: (v) plural of vizard
vizier: (n) A high-ranking official or minister in an Islamic government, especially in the Ottoman Empire.; The highest-ranking official or minister in ancient Egypt or Ebla; a chief administrator or a chancellor.; An ancient Mesopotamian 𒈛 (sukkal).; vicegerent, viceroy; A fairy chess piece that can only be moved one space up, down, left or right.
vizir: (n) Alternative spelling of vizier
vizor: (n) Alternative form of visor
vizoring: (v) plural of vizor
Vltava: (N) A major river in the Czech Republic, tributary of the Elbe.
vocal: (aj) Of, pertaining to, or resembling the human voice or speech.; Used in the production of speech sounds.; Of, pertaining to, or resembling the human voice or speech.; Relating to, composed or arranged for, or sung by the human voice.; Of, pertaining to, or resembling the human voice or speech.; Consisting of, or characterized by, voice, or tone produced in the larynx, which may be modified, either by resonance, as in the case of the vowels, or by obstructive action, as in certain consonants, such as v, l, etc., or by both, as in the nasals m, n, ng.; Of, pertaining to, or resembling the human voice or speech.; Synonym of vocalic.; Uttered or modulated by the voice; expressed in words.; Expressing opinions or feelings freely, loudly, or insistently.; Uttered or modulated by the voice; expressed in words.; Having or exercising the power of producing voice, speech, or sound.; Uttered or modulated by the voice; expressed in words.; Synonym of expressive.; Uttered or modulated by the voice; expressed in words.; Full of voices.(n) A vocal sound; specifically, a purely vocal element of speech, unmodified except by resonance; a vowel or a diphthong; a tonic element; a tonic.; A part of a piece of music that is sung.; A musical performance involving singing.; A man in the Roman Catholic Church who has a right to vote in certain elections.
voces: (n) plural of vox
vocoid: (n) A phonetic vowel, as opposed to a phonological one.
vodka: (n) A clear distilled alcoholic liquor made from grain mash.; A serving of the above beverage.; Neutral spirits distilled (or treated after distillation) so as to have no distinctive character, aroma, taste, or color.
vogue: (n) The prevailing fashion or style.; Popularity or a current craze.; A highly stylized modern dance that evolved out of the Harlem ballroom scene in the 1960s.; A cigarette.(v) To dance in the vogue dance style.; To light a cigarette.
Vogue: (N) A fashion and lifestyle magazine.(N) A hamlet in St Day parish, east of Redruth, Cornwall, England (OS grid ref SW7242).
Vogul: (N) The Finno-Ugric language spoken in Khantia-Mansia.(n) A member of the Mansi people.
voice: (n) Sound uttered by the mouth, especially by human beings in speech or song; sound thus uttered considered as possessing some special quality or character; Sound made through vibration of the vocal cords; sonant, or intonated, utterance; tone; — distinguished from mere breath sound as heard in whispering and voiceless consonants.; The tone or sound emitted by an object; The faculty or power of utterance; That which is communicated; message; meaning.; An expressed opinion, choice, will, desire, or wish; the right or ability to make such expression or to have it considered; Command; precept.; One who speaks; a speaker.; A particular style or way of writing that expresses a certain tone or feeling.; A particular way of inflecting or conjugating verbs, or a particular form of a verb, by means of which is indicated the relation of the subject of the verb to the action which the verb expresses.; In harmony, an independent vocal or instrumental part in a piece of composition.; A flag associated with a user on a channel, determining whether or not they can send messages to the channel.(v) To give utterance or expression to; to utter; to publish; to announce; To utter audibly, with tone and not just breath.; To fit for producing the proper sounds; to regulate the tone of; To vote; to elect; to appoint; To clamor; to cry out; To assign the voice flag to a user on IRC, permitting them to send messages to the channel.; To act as a voice actor to portray a character.
voiced: (v) simple past tense and past participle of voice(aj) Sounded with vibration of the vocal cords. For example, the phone [z] is voiced, while [s] is unvoiced.; Having a specified kind of voice.; That contains voice.
voices: (n) plural of voice(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of voice
void: (aj) Containing nothing; empty; not occupied or filled.; Having no incumbent; unoccupied; said of offices etc.; Being without; destitute; devoid.; Not producing any effect; ineffectual; vain.; Of no legal force or effect, incapable of confirmation or ratification.; Containing no immaterial quality; destitute of mind or soul.; That does not return a value; a procedure.(n) An empty space; a vacuum.; An extended region of space containing no galaxies; A collection of adjacent vacancies inside a crystal lattice.; A pocket of vapour inside a fluid flow, created by cavitation.; An empty space between floors or walls, including false separations and planned gaps between a building and its facade.; A black cat.(v) To make invalid or worthless.; To empty.; To throw or send out; to evacuate; to emit; to discharge.; To withdraw, depart.; To remove the contents of; to make or leave vacant or empty; to quit; to leave.(n) A voidee.
voided: (v) simple past tense and past participle of void(aj) With the centre cut out.
voile: (n) A light, translucent cotton fabric used for making curtains and dresses.
voiles: (n) plural of voile
vol: (n) A heraldic symbol consisting of a pair of outstretched wings, often conjoined at their shoulders.(n) Clipping of volatility.
Vol: (n) A player of any of the Tennessee Volunteers college sports teams.
Volans: (N) A small circumpolar constellation of the southern sky, said to resemble a flying fish.
volant: (aj) Having extended wings as if flying.; Represented as unsupported in the air.; Flying, or able to fly.; Moving quickly or lightly, as though flying; nimble.
volar: (aj) Pertaining to the palm of the hand or the sole of the foot.
vole: (n) Any of a large number of species of small rodents of the subfamily Arvicolinae of the family Cricetidae which are not lemmings or muskrats.(n) A deal in a card game, écarté, that draws all the tricks.(v) To win all the tricks by a vole.
volga: (n) A second-order measure of derivative price sensitivity, expressed as the rate of change of vega with respect to changes in the volatility of the underlying asset.
Volga: (N) The longest river in Europe, flowing 2,325 miles through western Russia to the Caspian Sea.(n) Any of several automobiles of the same brand manufactured by GAZ in the Soviet Union and Russia.
volk: (n) The Afrikaner people.(n) Alternative form of folk
volley: (n) The simultaneous firing of a number of missiles or bullets; the projectiles so fired.; A burst or emission of many things at once.; The flight of a ball just before it bounces.; A shot in which the ball is played before it hits the ground.; A sending of the ball full to the top of the wicket.(v) To fire a volley of shots; To hit the ball before it touches the ground; To be fired in a volley; To make a volley; To sound together
volost: (n) A traditional administrative subdivision in Eastern Europe.
vols: (n) plural of vol
Vols: (n) plural of Vol
Volsci: (n) An ancient Italic people and culture from the first century of the Roman republic.
volt: (n) In the International System of Units, the derived unit of electrical potential and electromotive force (voltage); the potential difference across a conductor when a current of one ampere uses one watt of power. Symbol: V(n) A circular tread; a gait by which a horse going sideways round a centre makes two concentric tracks.; A sudden movement to avoid a thrust.(n) A colour similar to lime often used in Nike products.; volt
Volt: (n) The pan-European party Volt Europa.
volta: (n) A turning; a time (chiefly used in phrases signifying that the part is to be repeated).; A dance for couples popular during the late Renaissance, associated with the galliard and done to the same kind of music.; A turning point or point of change in a poem, most commonly a sonnet.
Volta: (N) Ellipsis of Volta River: A river in West Africa, having given name to Upper Volta.; Ellipsis of Lake Volta: A lake in West Africa; A census-designated place in Merced County, California, United States.(N) A surname, from Italian.
volte: (n) Alternative form of volta
VoLTE: (n) voice over long term evolution
volted: (v) plural of volt
volting: (v) plural of volt
volts: (n) plural of volt
volume: (n) A three-dimensional measure of space that comprises a length, a width and a height. It is measured in units of cubic centimeters in metric, cubic inches or cubic feet in English measurement.; Strength of sound; loudness.; The issues of a periodical over a period of one year.; A bound book.; A single book of a publication issued in multi-book format, such as an encyclopedia.; A great amount (of meaning) about something.; A roll or scroll, which was the form of ancient books.; Quantity.; A rounded mass or convolution.; The total supply of money in circulation or, less frequently, total amount of credit extended, within a specified national market or worldwide.; An accessible storage area with a single file system, typically resident on a single partition of a hard disk.; The total of weight worked by a muscle in one training session, the weight of every single repetition summed up.(v) To be conveyed through the air, waft.; To cause to move through the air, waft.; To swell.
volute: (n) The characteristic spiral curve on an Ionic capital, widely copied in other styles and in neoclassical architecture.; The spirals or whorls on a gastropod's shell.; Any marine gastropod of the family Volutidae.; The casing in a centrifugal pump, whose shape is somewhat similar to architectural volutes.; A spiral or scroll form.; A scroll-shaped carving at the tuning head of a stringed musical instrument, similar to architectural volutes.(aj) Of a spring: having a spiral curve on its tail.
volva: (n) A cup-shaped mass at the base of various fungi.(n) Alternative form of völva
volvox: (n) Any of the genus Volvox of chlorophytes.
vomer: (n) The vomer bone; the small thin bone that forms part of the septum between the nostrils.
vomit: (v) To regurgitate or eject the contents of the stomach through the mouth; puke.; To regurgitate and discharge (something swallowed); to spew.; To eject from any hollow place; to belch forth; to emit.(n) The regurgitated former contents of a stomach; vomitus.; The act of regurgitating.; That which causes vomiting; an emetic.
voodoo: (n) Any of a group of related religious practices found chiefly in and around the Caribbean, particularly in Haiti and Louisiana.; The spiritual beliefs of the Ewe/Fon of West Africa, practiced chiefly in Benin and in the south of Togo.; Any sort of magical or irrational approach to a problem.; One who practices voodoo; a native sorcerer.(v) To bewitch someone or something using voodoo
vor: (p) Pronunciation spelling of for.
VOR: (n) voice-on recording
vorred: (v) plural of vor
vorring: (v) plural of vor
vortex: (n) A whirlwind, whirlpool, or similarly moving matter in the form of a spiral or column.; Anything that involves constant violent or chaotic activity around some centre.; Anything that inevitably draws surrounding things into its current.; A supposed collection of particles of very subtle matter, endowed with a rapid rotary motion around an axis which was also the axis of a sun or planet; part of a Cartesian theory accounting for the formation of the universe, and the movements of the bodies composing it.; Any of numerous species of small Turbellaria belonging to Vortex and allied genera.(v) To mix using a vortex mixer
Vosges: (N) A mountain range in eastern France.; A department of Grand Est, France. Capital: Épinal.
votary: (aj) Consecrated by a vow or promise; consequent on a vow; devoted; promised.(n) A person, such as a monk or nun, who lives a religious life according to vows they have made; A devotee of a particular religion or cult; A devout or zealous worshipper; Someone who is devoted to a particular pursuit etc; an enthusiast.
vote: (n) a formalized choice on legally relevant measures such as employment or appointment to office or a proceeding about a legal dispute.; an act or instance of participating in such a choice, e.g., by submitting a ballot; an ardent wish or desire; a vow; a prayer; a formalized petition or request; any judgment of intellect leading to a formal opinion, a point of view; any judgment of intellect leading not only to a formal opinion but also to a particular choice in a legally relevant measure, a point of view as published(v) to cast a vote; to assert a formalized choice in an election; to choose or grant by means of a vote, or by general consent
Vote: (n) A person from Votia or of Votic descent.
voted: (v) simple past tense and past participle of vote
voter: (n) Someone who votes.
voters: (n) plural of voter
votes: (n) plural of vote(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of vote
Votes: (n) plural of Vote
voting: (v) present participle of vote(aj) Having an associated right for the holder to vote as an owner of business.(n) action of the verb to vote
votive: (aj) Dedicated or given in fulfillment of a vow or pledge.; Of, expressing, or symbolizing a vow. Often used to describe thick cylindrical candles found in many churches, lit when making a private vow or asking a private intention.(n) a hymn or chant dedicated to a particular saint, or to the Virgin Mary
vouch: (v) To call on (someone) to be a witness to something.; To cite or rely on (an authority, a written work, etc.) in support of one's actions or opinions.; To affirm or warrant the correctness or truth of (something); also, to affirm or warrant (the truth of an assertion or statement).; To bear witness or testify to the nature or qualities (of someone or something).; To back, confirm, or support (someone or something) with credible evidence or proof.; Synonym of vouchsafe (“to condescendingly or graciously give or grant (something)”); To assert, aver, or declare (something).; Often followed by for.; To bear witness or testify; to guarantee or sponsor.; Often followed by for.; To provide evidence or proof.; Often followed by for.; To express confidence in or take responsibility for (the correctness or truth of) something.(n) An assertion, a declaration; also, a formal attestation or warrant of the correctness or truth of something.
vouge: (n) Alternative form of voulge
vow: (n) A solemn promise to perform some act, or behave in a specified manner, especially a promise to live and act in accordance with the rules of a religious order.; A declaration or assertion.; A votive offering.(v) To make a vow; to promise.; To make a vow regarding (something).; To declare publicly that one has made a vow, usually to show one's determination or to announce an act of retaliation.
vowed: (v) past participle of vow(aj) Undertaken in accordance with a vow; solemnly promised.
vowel: (n) A sound produced by the vocal cords with relatively little restriction of the oral cavity, forming the prominent sound of a syllable.; A letter representing the sound of vowel; in English, the vowels are a, e, i, o, u, and y.(v) To add vowel points to a consonantal script (e.g. niqqud in Hebrew or harakat in Arabic).
vowels: (n) plural of vowel
vowing: (v) present participle of vow
vows: (n) plural of vow(v) Third-person singular simple present indicative form of vow
vox: (n) The voice, especially one's singing voice; vocals.; A vox pop.
VOX: (n) voice operated recording; Alternative spelling of VOx
VOx: (n) oxygen uptake
voyage: (n) A long journey, especially by ship.; The act or practice of travelling.(v) To go on a long journey.
voyeur: (n) A person who derives sexual pleasure from secretly observing other people, especially when such people are engaged in some sexual activity.; An obsessive observer of sensational or sordid subjects.
vrouw: (n) A Dutchwoman.
Vulcan: (N) The god of volcanoes and fire, especially the forge, also the patron of all craftsmen, principally blacksmiths. The Roman counterpart of Hephaestus.; A hypothetical planet proposed to exist in an orbit between Mercury and the Sun in a 19th-century hypothesis.; A volcano in Papua New Guinea.; An inactive volcano in New Mexico.; A placename.; A town in southern Alberta, Canada.; A placename.; A commune of Brașov County, Romania.; A placename.; A city in Hunedoara County, Romania.; A placename.; A village in the commune of Apold, Mureș County, Romania.; A placename.; A village in the commune of Ciuruleasa, Alba County, Romania.; A placename.; A ghost town in Gunnison County, Colorado.; A placename.; An unincorporated community in Norway Township, Dickinson County, Michigan.; A placename.; An unincorporated community in Iron County, Missouri.(N) An inhabited planet, the homeworld of the Vulcan species.; A language constructed for the Star Trek franchise, spoken by the fictional Vulcan species.(n) An inhabitant of the planet Vulcan.; A person who, like the fictional Vulcans, seems to lack emotion or is overly analytical and boring.(n) The Avro Vulcan, a type of jet-powered British bomber aircraft built by Avro during the Cold War.
vulgar: (aj) Debased, uncouth, distasteful, obscene.; Having to do with ordinary, common people.; Common, usual; of the typical kind.(n) A common, ordinary person.; The common people.; The vernacular tongue or common language of a country.
vulgo: (av) In the vernacular; commonly known as.(n) The masses.
vulva: (n) The external female sexual organs, collectively.; A protrusion on the side of a nematode.
vying: (v) present participle of vie(n) The act of one who vies; rivalry.
