x: (C) The twenty-fourth letter of the English alphabet, called ex and written in the Latin script.; Forming gender-neutral or otherwise more inclusive versions of words, especially Spanish-derived words by replacing both the masculine -o and feminine -a.(aj) Alternative letter-case form of X (“intersex or non-binary, in passports and identification documents”)(c) Used between the names of two characters to denote a ship, particularly in anime, manga, and video games.; Used in place of and in artist collaborations.
X: (0) An unknown quantity or unknown value.(N) A placeholder for an unknown, suppressed or hypothetical name.; A surname, used by those who have had their identity or heritage, including their proper ancestral names, erased or forgotten.(C) The twenty-fourth letter of the English alphabet, called ex and written in the Latin script.(n) Any mark that looks like that letter, such as a mark made by a person who cannot read or write in lieu of a signature.; The spot behind the goal.(aj) Intersex or non-binary (in passports and identification documents).(n) Ecstasy, a particular street drug.(aj) Suitable only for those aged 16 or (later) 18 years and over.; Obscene.(N) Christ(n) Cross, crossing.
Xavier: (N) A male given name from Spanish.; A surname, found chiefly among people of Spanish and Portuguese descent.
xebec: (n) A small two-masted, and later three-masted, Mediterranean transport ship with an overhanging bow and stern.
Xenia: (N) A female given name from Ancient Greek of mainly historical use in English.; A village in Illinois.; An unincorporated community in Kansas.; A city, the county seat of Greene County, Ohio.
xenon: (n) The chemical element (symbol Xe) with an atomic number of 54. It is a colorless, odorless, unreactive noble gas, used notably in camera flash technology.
Xeres: (N) Obsolete form of Jerez (“Spanish city”).
xeric: (aj) very dry, lacking humidity and water; Adapted to live in a very dry habitat
xerox: (n) A photocopy.; A photocopier.(v) To make a paper copy or copies by means of a photocopier.
Xerox: (n) Alternative letter-case form of xerox(v) Alternative letter-case form of xerox
Xhosa: (n) Any member of a Bantu people from South Africa, most of whom live in the Eastern Cape.; The language of these people, a Bantu language related to Zulu.
xi: (n) The 14th letter of Classical and Modern Greek. The 15th in Ancient and Old Greek.; Either of a pair of hyperons having spin 1/2, which decay into a lambda particle and a pion.
XI: (n) A football (soccer) team of eleven players.; A cricket team of eleven players.
Xi: (N) A river in China, the western tributary of the Pearl.(N) A surname, from Chinese; Xi Jinping, current General Secretary of the Chinese Communist Party (2012–present).(N) A county of Linfen, Shanxi, China.(n) Capital Greek letter Ξ (X); Alternative form of xi, Greek letter Ξ/ξ (X/x); Alternative form of xi/Ξ Ellipsis of xi baryon
xylem: (n) A vascular tissue in land plants primarily responsible for the distribution of water and minerals taken up by the roots; also the primary component of wood.
xylene: (n) Any of a group of three isomeric aromatic hydrocarbons, found in coal and wood tar.
xyloid: (aj) Characteristic of wood; woody
xylol: (n) xylene
xyster: (n) A surgical instrument used to scrape bones.
